Arms Sales Notification: 
The DoD is publishing the unclassified text of an arms sales notification. 
Arms Sales Notification: 
The DoD is publishing the unclassified text of an arms sales notification. 
Arms Sales Notification: 
The DoD is publishing the unclassified text of an arms sales notification. 
Arms Sales Notification: 
The DoD is publishing the unclassified text of a section 36(b)(1) arms sales notification. 
Arms Sales Notification: 
The DoD is publishing the unclassified text of an arms sales notification. 
Education for Seapower Advisory Board; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Meeting: 
The DoD is publishing this notice to announce that the following Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the Education for Seapower Advisory Board (E4SAB) will take place. 
Renewable Energy Modernization Rule: 
We, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM), are extending the public comment period on our notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM) titled ``Renewable Energy Modernization Rule'' by 30 days. Comments previously submitted need not be resubmitted and will be fully considered. 
Opportunity for United States Grain Standards Act (USGSA) Designation in the Texas Central Area: 
The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is seeking persons or governmental agencies interested in providing official services in the area noted below to submit an application for designation. Designation provides for private entities or state governmental agencies to be an integral part of the official grain inspection system (https:// www.ams.usda.gov/services/fgis/official-grain-inspection-weighing- system). Designated agencies work under the supervision of the Federal Grain Inspection Service (FGIS) and are authorized to provide official inspection and/or weighing services in a defined geographical area. In addition, AMS requests comments on the USGSA service need in this area. AMS encourages submissions from traditionally underrepresented individuals, organizations, and businesses to reflect the diversity of this industry. AMS encourages submissions from qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Marketing Submission Recommendations for a Predetermined Change Control Plan for Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning-Enabled Device Software Functions; Draft Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is announcing the availability of the draft guidance entitled ``Marketing Submission Recommendations for a Predetermined Change Control Plan for Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML)-Enabled Device Software Functions.'' This draft guidance demonstrates FDA's commitment to developing innovative approaches to the regulation of machine learning- enabled medical devices and describes an approach that would often be the least burdensome and would support iterative improvement through modifications to machine learning-enabled device software functions (herein referred to as ML-DSF) while continuing to ensure device safety and effectiveness. This draft guidance provides recommendations on the information to be included in a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) in a marketing submission for an ML-DSF. Such a plan describes the anticipated ML-DSF modifications and the associated methodology to implement those modifications, which would be reviewed in the marketing submission to ensure the continued safety and effectiveness of the device without necessitating additional marketing submissions for each modification described in the PCCP. This draft guidance is not final nor is it for implementation at this time. 
Radio Broadcasting Services; South Padre Island, Texas: 
This document amends the FM Table of Allotments, of the Commission's rules, by adding Channel 288A at South Padre Island, Texas. A staff engineering analysis indicates that Channel 288A can be allotted to South Padre Island, Texas, consistent with the minimum distance separation requirements of the Commission's rules (Rules), with a site restriction of 11 km (7 miles) south of the community. The reference coordinates are 26-01-30 NL and 97-09-15 WL. 
Wireless Telecommunications Bureau Seeks Comment on ATIS Waiver Request on Behalf of the Covered Entities of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Task Force: 
In this document, the Wireless Telecommunications Bureau (Bureau) of the Federal Communications Commission (Commission) seeks comment on a petition for waiver (Petition) filed by ATIS requesting waiver for all entities subject to the hearing aid compatibility rules. The Petition seeks to allow wireless handsets to satisfy a reduced volume control testing methodology to be certified as hearing-aid compatible. 
Funding Opportunities: Bank Enterprise Award (BEA) Program; FY 2023 Funding Round: 
This NOFA is issued in connection with the fiscal year (FY) 2023 funding round of the Bank Enterprise Award Program (BEA Program). The BEA Program is administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). Through the BEA Program, the CDFI Fund awards formula-based grants to depository institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) for increasing their levels of loans, investments, Service Activities, and technical assistance to residents and businesses in the most economically Distressed Communities, and financial assistance and technical assistance to Certified Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) through equity investments, equity-like loans, grants, stock purchases, loans, deposits, and other forms of assistance, during a specified period. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
In accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended (Privacy Act), the U.S. Department of Education (Department) publishes this notice of a new system of records entitled ``Emergency Notification System (ENS)'' (18-03-06). The Emergency Notification System (ENS) provides a notification system for the Department's internal Continuity of Operations (COOP) and Pandemic plans, as well as day-to-day emergency management efforts. ENS provides real-time notifications to Department employees during an emergency event. ENS also gives Department employees the ability to access and modify their own personal information and preferences via a self-service portal, and system administrators the ability to generate reports to verify the status of the aforementioned emergency alerts. 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Significant Portion of Its Range Analysis for the Northern Distinct Population Segment of the Southern Subspecies of Scarlet Macaw: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service), determine threatened status under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (Act), as amended, for the northern distinct population segment (DPS), of the southern subspecies of scarlet macaw (Ara macao macao). Scarlet macaws are brilliantly colored parrots native to Mexico and Central and South America. This action affirms the 2019 listing of the scarlet macaw under the Act. 
Notice of Proposed Subaward Under a Council-Selected Restoration Component Award: 
The Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Council (Council) publishes notice of a proposed subaward from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to the Woodlands Conservancy in the State of Louisiana, a nonprofit organization, for the purpose of habitat restoration in accordance with the Gulf of Mexico Conservation Enhancement Grant Program (GMCEGP) interagency agreement as approved in the Council's Initial Funded Priorities List (Initial FPL). 
Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Framework Adjustment 36 to the Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery Management Plan: 
NMFS approves and implements the measures included in Framework Adjustment 36 to the Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery Management Plan as adopted and submitted by the New England Fishery Management Council. Framework 36 establishes scallop specifications and other measures for fishing years 2023 and 2024. Framework 36 implements measures to protect small scallops to support rotational access area trips to the fleet in future years. To promote uniformity in the fishery, this final rule also corrects and clarifies regulatory text that is unnecessary, outdated, or unclear. This action is necessary to prevent overfishing and improve both yield-per-recruit and the overall management of the Atlantic sea scallop resource. 
Marine Mammals; File No. 27057: 
Howard Rosenbaum, Ph.D., Wildlife Conservation Society, 2300 Southern Blvd., Bronx, New York 10460, has applied in due form for a permit to conduct research on 14 species of cetaceans within the New York Bight. 
Differential Privacy Methodology for County Business Patterns Data: 
The U.S. Census Bureau (Census Bureau) has been working to implement modernized methods to continue to ensure the privacy protections of its information products and seeks public engagement and comment on these efforts. The Census Bureau is targeting the release the 2022 County Business Patterns (CBP) data using differential privacy methodology for disclosure avoidance. The Census Bureau has created demonstration tables and invites the public to participate in a live question-and-answer webinar on April 20, 2023, to learn more about how the differential privacy methodology is being applied to the CBP data. This Notice requests written comments on the demonstration tables and other issues related to this topic. 
Conservation and Landscape Health: 
The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) proposes new regulations that, pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (FLPMA), as amended, and other relevant authorities, would advance the BLM's mission to manage the public lands for multiple use and sustained yield by prioritizing the health and resilience of ecosystems across those lands. To ensure that health and resilience, the proposed rule provides that the BLM will protect intact landscapes, restore degraded habitat, and make wise management decisions based on science and data. To support these activities, the proposed rule would apply land health standards to all BLM-managed public lands and uses, clarify that conservation is a ``use'' within FLPMA's multiple-use framework, and revise existing regulations to better meet FLPMA's requirement that the BLM prioritize designating and protecting Areas of Critical Environmental Concern (ACECs). The proposed rule would add to provide an overarching framework for multiple BLM programs to promote ecosystem resilience on public lands. 
Chief Freedom of Information Act Officers Council: 
We are announcing a meeting of the Chief Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Officers Council, co-chaired by the Director of OGIS and the Director of OIP. 
Advisory Council for the Elimination of Tuberculosis; Notice of Charter Renewal: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) announces the renewal of the charter of the Advisory Council for the Elimination of Tuberculosis (ACET). 
Interagency Committee on Smoking and Health (ICSH); Notice of Charter Renewal: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) announces the renewal of the charter of the Interagency Committee on Smoking and Health (ICSH). 
Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Announcement of Application From a Hospital Requesting Waiver for Organ Procurement Service Area: 
This notice acknowledges the receipt of an application from a hospital that has requested a waiver of statutory requirements that would otherwise require the hospital to enter into an agreement with its designated organ procurement organization (OPO). This notice requests comments from OPOs and the general public for our consideration in determining whether we should grant the requested waiver. 
Medicare and Medicaid Programs: Application From the Accreditation Commission for Health Care for Continued Approval of its Ambulatory Surgical Center (ASC) Accreditation Program: 
This proposed notice acknowledges the receipt of an application from the Accreditation Commission for Health Care for continued recognition as a national accrediting organization for Ambulatory Surgical Centers that wish to participate in the Medicare or Medicaid programs. 
Meeting of the National Advisory Committee on Rural Health and Human Services: 
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, this notice announces that the Secretary's National Advisory Committee on Rural Health and Human Services (NACRHHS) has scheduled a public meeting. Information about NACRHHS and the agenda for this meeting can be found on the NACRHHS website at https://www.hrsa.gov/advisory- committees/rural-health/index.html. 
HEARTH Act Approval of Lac Courte Oreilles Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians of Wisconsin Leasing Ordinance: 
The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) approved the Lac Courte Oreilles Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians of Wisconsin Leasing Ordinance under the Helping Expedite and Advance Responsible Tribal Homeownership Act of 2012 (HEARTH Act). With this approval, the Tribe is authorized to enter into agricultural, business, residential, wind and solar, public, religious, educational, recreational, cultural, and other purposes leases without further BIA approval. 
HEARTH Act Approval of Southern Ute Indian Tribe of the Southern Ute Reservation, Colorado Leasing Ordinance: 
The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) approved the Southern Ute Indian Tribe of the Southern Ute Reservation, Colorado Leasing Ordinance under the Helping Expedite and Advance Responsible Tribal Homeownership Act of 2012 (HEARTH Act). With this approval, the Tribe is authorized to enter into agriculture, business, residential, and wind and solar leases without further BIA approval. 
Self-Governance PROGRESS Act Negotiated Rulemaking Committee; Notice of Meeting: 
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, the Self-Governance PROGRESS Act Negotiated Rulemaking Committee (Committee), will hold the eighth public meeting to negotiate and advise the Secretary of the Interior (Secretary) on a proposed rule to implement the Practical Reforms and Other Goals To Reinforce the Effectiveness of Self-Governance and Self-Determination for Indian Tribes Act of 2019 (PROGRESS Act). 
Current List of HHS-Certified Laboratories and Instrumented Initial Testing Facilities Which Meet Minimum Standards To Engage in Urine and Oral Fluid Drug Testing for Federal Agencies: 
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) notifies federal agencies of the laboratories and Instrumented Initial Testing Facilities (IITFs) currently certified to meet the standards of the Mandatory Guidelines for Federal Workplace Drug Testing Programs using Urine or Oral Fluid (Mandatory Guidelines). 
Safety Zone; Allegheny River Mile Marker 0.25-0.8, Pittsburgh, PA: 
The Coast Guard is proposing to establish a temporary safety zone for the Allegheny River at Mile Marker 0.25-0.8. This action is necessary to provide for the safety of life on these navigable waters during a drone show display. This proposed rulemaking would prohibit persons and vessels from being in the safety zone unless authorized by the Captain of the Port Pittsburgh or a designated representative. We invite your comments on this proposed rulemaking. 
Changes in Flood Hazard Determinations: 
New or modified Base (1-percent annual chance) Flood Elevations (BFEs), base flood depths, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundaries or zone designations, and/or regulatory floodways (hereinafter referred to as flood hazard determinations) as shown on the indicated Letter of Map Revision (LOMR) for each of the communities listed in the table below are finalized. Each LOMR revises the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and in some cases the Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports, currently in effect for the listed communities. 
Proposed Flood Hazard Determinations: 
Comments are requested on proposed flood hazard determinations, which may include additions or modifications of any Base Flood Elevation (BFE), base flood depth, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundary or zone designation, or regulatory floodway on the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and where applicable, in the supporting Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports for the communities listed in the table below. The purpose of this notice is to seek general information and comment regarding the preliminary FIRM, and where applicable, the FIS report that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided to the affected communities. The FIRM and FIS report are the basis of the floodplain management measures that the community is required either to adopt or to show evidence of having in effect in order to qualify or remain qualified for participation in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). 
Notice of Public Meeting of the Puerto Rico Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission), and the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), that a meeting of the Puerto Rico Advisory Committee to the Commission will convene by virtual web conference on Monday, April 17, 2023, at 3:30 p.m. Atlantic Time/Eastern Time. The purpose is to discuss their project on the civil rights impacts of the Insular Cases in Puerto Rico, especially in preparation of their in-person briefing in San Juan, Puerto Rico in May 2023. 
The 1,3-Butadiene Standard; Extension of the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Approval of Information Collection (Paperwork) Requirements: 
OSHA solicits public comments concerning the proposal to extend the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) approval of the information collection requirements specified in the 1,3 Butadiene Standard. 
Aerial Lifts Standard; Extension of the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Approval of Information Collection (Paperwork) Requirements: 
OSHA solicits public comments concerning the proposal to extend the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) approval of the information collection requirements specified in its Standard on Aerial Lifts. 
Asbestos in General Industries Standard; Extension of the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Approval of Information Collection (Paperwork) Requirements: 
OSHA solicits public comments concerning the proposal to extend the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) approval of the information collection requirements specified in the Standard on Asbestos in General Industries. 
Walking and Working Surfaces Standard for General Industry; Extension of the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Approval of the Information Collection (Paperwork) Requirements: 
OSHA solicits public comments concerning the proposal to extend the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) approval of the information collection requirements contained in the Walking and Working Surfaces Standard for General Industry. 
Submission for Review: 3206-0141, Health Benefits Election Form, OPM 2809: 
The Healthcare & Insurance/Federal Employee Insurance Operations (FEIO) offers the general public and other federal agencies the opportunity to comment on the renewal of an expiring information collection request (ICR), without change, OPM 2809, Health Benefits Election Form. 
Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program Policy Directive: 
The Small Business Administration is amending the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programs Policy Directive to incorporate a template for agencies participating in the SBIR or STTR programs (Participating Agencies) to request the disclosure of statutorily required information from SBIR or STTR applicants. 
Certain Cold-Drawn Mechanical Tubing of Carbon and Alloy Steel From the People's Republic of China: Final Results of Expedited First Sunset Review of Antidumping Duty Order: 
As a result of this sunset review, the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) finds that revocation of the countervailing duty (CVD) order on certain cold-drawn mechanical tubing of carbon and alloy steel (cold-drawn mechanical tubing) from the People's Republic of China (China) would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of countervailable subsidies at the levels as indicated in the ``Final Results of Sunset Review'' section of this notice. 
Certain Softwood Lumber Products From Canada: Final Results of the Expedited Sunset Review of the Countervailing Duty Order: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) finds that revocation of the countervailing duty (CVD) order on certain softwood lumber products (softwood lumber) from Canada would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of countervailable subsidies at the levels indicated in the ``Final Results of Sunset Review'' section of this notice. 
Notice of Scope Ruling Applications Filed in Antidumping and Countervailing Duty Proceedings: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) received scope ruling applications, requesting that scope inquiries be conducted to determine whether identified products are covered by the scope of antidumping duty (AD) and/or countervailing duty (CVD) orders and that Commerce issue scope rulings pursuant to those inquiries. In accordance with Commerce's regulations, we are notifying the public of the filing of the scope ruling applications listed below in the month of February 2023. 
Initiation of Five-Year (Sunset) Reviews: 
In accordance with the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended (the Act), the Department of Commerce (Commerce) is automatically initiating the five-year reviews (Sunset Reviews) of the antidumping and countervailing duty (AD/CVD) order(s) and suspended investigation(s) listed below. The International Trade Commission (the ITC) is publishing concurrently with this notice its notice of Institution of Five-Year Reviews which covers the same order(s) and suspended investigation(s). 
Biodiesel From Argentina and Indonesia; Scheduling of Expedited Five-Year Reviews: 
The Commission hereby gives notice of the scheduling of expedited reviews pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act'') to determine whether revocation of the antidumping duty and countervailing duty orders on biodiesel from Argentina and Indonesia would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury within a reasonably foreseeable time. 
Carton-Closing Staples From China; Institution of a Five-Year Review: 
The Commission hereby gives notice that it has instituted a review pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act''), as amended, to determine whether revocation of the antidumping duty order on carton- closing staples from China would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury. Pursuant to the Act, interested parties are requested to respond to this notice by submitting the information specified below to the Commission. 
Foundry Coke From China; Institution of a Five-Year Review: 
The Commission hereby gives notice that it has instituted a review pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act''), as amended, to determine whether revocation of the antidumping duty order on foundry coke from China would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury. Pursuant to the Act, interested parties are requested to respond to this notice by submitting the information specified below to the Commission. 
Steel Wire Garment Hangers From Taiwan and Vietnam; Institution of Five-Year Reviews: 
The Commission hereby gives notice that it has instituted reviews pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act''), as amended, to determine whether revocation of the antidumping duty orders on steel wire garment hangers from Taiwan and Vietnam and the countervailing duty order on steel wire garment hangers from Vietnam would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury. Pursuant to the Act, interested parties are requested to respond to this notice by submitting the information specified below to the Commission. 
Special Conditions: Blackhawk Aerospace Technologies, Textron Model 500 Series Airplanes; Rechargeable Lithium Batteries and Battery System Installations: 
These special conditions are issued for the Textron Model 500/ 550/S550/560/560XL/560XLS airplanes. These airplanes, as modified by Blackhawk Aerospace Technologies (Blackhawk), will have a novel or unusual design feature when compared to the state of technology envisioned in the airworthiness standards for transport-category airplanes. This design feature is electronic GI 275 Standby Instruments containing rechargeable lithium-ion batteries. The applicable airworthiness regulations do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards for this design feature. These special conditions contain the additional safety standards that the Administrator considers necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by the existing airworthiness standards. 
Notice of Availability of the Draft Programmatic Environmental Assessment (PEA) for FAA-Recognized Identification Areas (FRIAs): 
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announces that the Draft Programmatic Environmental Assessment (PEA) for FAA-Recognized Identification Areas (FRIAs) is available for public review and comment. 
Tribal Transportation Facility Bridge Program: 
This proposed rule would update the existing Tribal Transportation Program Bridge Program, formerly known as the Indian Reservation Road (IRR) Bridge Program, by renaming it the Tribal Transportation Facility Bridge Program (TTFBP) to comply with the changes made in the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21), carried on through the Fixing America's Surface Transportation (FAST) Act, and the recent changes made by the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law (BIL), enacted as the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA). It would also remove references to terms such as structurally deficient, functionally obsolete, and sufficiency rating. These updates would align the TTFBP terminology for bridge conditions with the terminology used for State departments of transportation (State DOT) in the Federal-aid highway program. This change would establish a consistent terminology for classifying and referring to bridge conditions. 
Notice of Final Federal Agency Actions on Proposed Highway Projects in Texas: 
This notice announces actions taken by TxDOT and Federal agencies that are final. The environmental review, consultation, and other actions required by applicable Federal environmental laws for these projects are being, or have been, carried out by TxDOT pursuant to an assignment agreement executed by FHWA and TxDOT. The actions relate to various proposed highway projects in the State of Texas. These actions grant licenses, permits, and approvals for the projects. 
Passenger Equipment Safety Standards; Standards for High-Speed Trainsets: 
FRA is proposing to amend its Passenger Equipment Safety Standards to modernize Tier I and Tier III safety appliance requirements; update the pre-revenue compliance documentation and testing requirements; establish crashworthiness requirements for individual Tier I-compliant vehicles equipped with crash energy management (CEM); establish standards for Tier III inspection, testing, and maintenance (ITM) and movement of defective equipment (MODE); incorporate general safety requirements from FRA's Railroad Locomotive Safety Standards for Tier III trainsets; and provide for periodic inspection of emergency lighting to ensure proper functioning. 
Reporting to the National Practitioner Data Bank: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) proposes to remove its regulations governing the National Practitioner Data Bank (NPDB). Instead, VA will rely on Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) regulations that govern the NPDB, a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between VA and HHS, and VA policy. This change will allow VA to more easily and effectively comply with HHS rules governing the NPDB. 
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Employment Transparency Regarding Individuals Who Perform Work in the People's Republic of China (DFARS Case 2022-D010): 
DoD is adopting as final, without change, an interim rule amending the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) to implement a section of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 that requires a disclosure from entities that employ one or more individuals who will perform work in the People's Republic of China. 
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Prompt Payment of Contractors (DFARS Case 2021-D008): 
DoD is issuing a final rule amending the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) to remove a clause and the associated prescription that are no longer necessary. 
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Quick-Closeout Procedures Threshold (DFARS Case 2021-D001): 
DoD is issuing a final rule amending the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) to implement a recommendation from the Government Accountability Office regarding quick-closeout procedures. 
Defense Advisory Committee for the Prevention of Sexual Misconduct; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Meeting: 
The DoD is publishing this notice to announce that the following Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the Defense Advisory Committee for the Prevention of Sexual Misconduct (DAC-PSM) will take place. 
Defense Business Board; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Meeting: 
The DoD is publishing this notice to announce the following Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the Defense Business Board (``the Board'') will take place. 
Defense Policy Board; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Meeting: 
The DoD is publishing this notice to announce the following Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the Defense Policy Board (DPB) will take place. 
Food Standards; General Principles and Food Standards Modernization; Withdrawal of Proposed Rule: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) (jointly, we) are announcing the withdrawal of the proposed rule entitled ``General Principles and Food Standards Modernization,'' which published in the Federal Register of May 20, 2005. FDA and FSIS are taking this action in response to comments received in 2005 and in 2020 after FDA reopened the comment period for the proposed rule. 
Determination of Regulatory Review Period for Purposes of Patent Extension; VERZENIO: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or the Agency) has determined the regulatory review period for VERZENIO and is publishing this notice of that determination as required by law. FDA has made the determination because of the submission of an application to the Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), Department of Commerce, for the extension of a patent which claims that human drug product. 
Determination of Regulatory Review Period for Purposes of Patent Extension; VYZULTA: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or the Agency) has determined the regulatory review period for VYZULTA and is publishing this notice of that determination as required by law. FDA has made the determination because of the submission of applications to the Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), Department of Commerce, for the extension of a patent which claims that human drug product. 
Q13 Continuous Manufacturing of Drug Substances and Drug Products; International Council for Harmonisation; Guidance for Industry; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is announcing the availability of a final guidance for industry entitled ``Q13 Continuous Manufacturing of Drug Substances and Drug Products.'' The guidance was prepared under the auspices of the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH). The guidance provides clarification on continuous manufacturing (CM) concepts and describes scientific approaches and regulatory considerations specific to CM of drug substances and drug products. The guidance is intended to provide scientific and regulatory considerations for the development, implementation, operation, and life-cycle management of CM. The guidance replaces the draft guidance entitled ``Q13 Continuous Manufacturing of Drug Substances and Drug Products'' issued on October 14, 2021. This guidance also replaces the draft guidance entitled ``Quality Considerations for Continuous Manufacturing'' issued on February 27, 2019. 
Discussion Paper: Artificial Intelligence in Drug Manufacturing, Notice; Request for Information and Comments: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is announcing publication of a discussion paper providing information for stakeholders and soliciting public comments on a specific area of emerging and advanced manufacturing technologies. The discussion paper presents areas for consideration and policy development identified by the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) scientific and policy experts associated with application of artificial intelligence (AI) to pharmaceutical manufacturing. The discussion paper includes a series of questions to stimulate feedback from the public, including CDER and the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) stakeholders. 
Request for Nominations for Individuals and Consumer Organizations for Advisory Committees: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or the Agency) is requesting that any consumer organizations interested in participating in the selection of voting and/or nonvoting consumer representatives to serve on its advisory committees or panels notify FDA in writing. FDA is also requesting nominations for voting and/or nonvoting consumer representatives to serve on advisory committees and/or panels for which vacancies currently exist or are expected to occur in the near future. Nominees recommended to serve as a voting or nonvoting consumer representative may be self-nominated or may be nominated by a consumer organization. FDA seeks to include the views of individuals on its advisory committees regardless of their gender identification, religious affiliation, racial and ethnic identification, or disability status and, therefore, encourages nominations of appropriately qualified candidates from all groups. 
Request for Nominations for Voting Members for the Patient Engagement Advisory Committee: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is requesting nominations for voting members, excluding consumer and industry representatives, to serve on the Patient Engagement Advisory Committee (the Committee) in the Center for Devices and Radiological Health. Nominations will be accepted for upcoming vacancies effective with this notice. FDA seeks to include the views of members of all gender groups, members of all racial and ethnic groups, and individuals with and without disabilities on its advisory committees and, therefore, encourages nominations of appropriately qualified candidates from these groups. 
Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc., et.al.; Withdrawal of Approval of 11 Abbreviated New Drug Applications: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is withdrawing approval of 11 abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs) from multiple applicants. The applicants notified the Agency in writing that the drug products were no longer marketed and requested that the approval of the applications be withdrawn. 
Food Standards; General Principles and Food Standards Modernization; Withdrawal of Proposed Rule: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) (jointly, we) are announcing the withdrawal of the proposed rule entitled ``General Principles and Food Standards Modernization,'' which published in the Federal Register of May 20, 2005. FDA and FSIS are taking this action in response to comments received in 2005 and in 2020 after FDA reopened the comment period for the proposed rule. 
Electric Program Coverage Ratios Clarification and Modifications: 
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), a Rural Development (RD) agency of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), is issuing a final rule with comment. The intent of this rule is to modify its coverage ratio requirements, add an additional set of ratios, and update and add definitions. The effect of this action is to reduce the regulatory impact on RUS Electric Program borrowers, ensure that loan funds will be repaid in the time agreed upon, facilitate the lending for construction of rural electric infrastructure, and allow RUS to focus on feasibility and security issues while increasing customer efficiency, customer satisfaction and service. 
Proposed Agency Information Collection Activities; Comment Request: 
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board) invites comment on a proposal to extend for three years, with revision, the Survey of Small Business and Farm Lending (FR 2028; OMB No. 7100- 0061). 
Proposed Agency Information Collection Activities; Comment Request: 
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board) invites comment on a proposal to extend for three years, without revision, the Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements Associated with Regulation KK (FR KK; OMB No. 7100-0364). 
Agency Information Collection Activities: Announcement of Board Approval Under Delegated Authority and Submission to OMB: 
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board) is adopting a proposal to extend for three years, with revision, the Reporting, Recordkeeping, and Disclosure Requirements Associated with Regulation Q (FR Q; OMB No. 7100-0313). 
Agency Information Collection Activities: Announcement of Board Approval Under Delegated Authority and Submission to OMB: 
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board) is adopting a proposal to extend for three years, with revision, the Information Collections and Forms Related to Regulation MM (FR MM; OMB No. 7100-0340). 
Metal Additive Manufacturing Powder Consortium: 
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), an agency of the United States Department of Commerce, in support of efforts to develop standards for metal powders used in additive manufacturing (AM), is establishing the Metal Additive Manufacturing Powder Consortium (``Consortium''). The Consortium will bring together stakeholders to identify and address pre-competitive measurement science and standards needs related to metal powders used in various AM technologies. The Consortium efforts are intended to develop measurement solutions and standards to improve measurement confidence, establish measurement traceability, and enable comparability in the measurements to quantify the performance of metal powders in AM applications. Participants will be required to sign a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA). At NIST's discretion, entities which are not permitted to enter into CRADAs pursuant to law or other governmental constraint may be allowed to participate in the Consortium pursuant to a separate non-CRADA agreement. 
Information Collection: NRC Form 629, Authorization for Payment by Credit Card: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) invites public comment on the renewal of Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval for an existing collection of information. The information collection is entitled, ``NRC Form 629, Authorization for Payment by Credit Card.'' 
Air Plan Approval; Florida; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is updating the materials that are incorporated by reference (IBR) into the Florida State Implementation Plan (SIP). The regulations affected by this update have been previously submitted by Florida and approved by EPA. In this notice, EPA is also notifying the public of corrections and clarifying changes in the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) tables that identify material incorporated by reference into the Florida SIP. This update affects the materials that are available for public inspection at the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) and the EPA Regional Office. 
Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Revision to Federally Enforceable District Origin Operating Permits: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is approving a revision to the Jefferson County portion of the Kentucky State Implementation Plan (SIP) submitted by the Commonwealth of Kentucky through the Kentucky Energy and Environment Cabinet (Cabinet) on June 15, 2022. The changes were submitted by the Cabinet on behalf of the Louisville Metro Air Pollution Control District (District, also referred to herein as Jefferson County). The District's revision modifies the permit application timing requirements in the Federally Enforceable District Origin Operating Permits (FEDOOP) rule in the Jefferson County portion of the Kentucky SIP (Jefferson County Local Implementation Plan, or LIP). EPA is finalizing these changes pursuant to the Clean Air Act (CAA or Act). 
Air Plan Approval; Mississippi; PSD and Air Quality Modeling Infrastructure Requirements for the 2015 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is conditionally approving portions of a State Implementation Plan (SIP) submission provided by the State of Mississippi, through the Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ), via a letter dated January 25, 2021, and supplemented through a letter dated November 18, 2022. This approval pertains to certain infrastructure requirements of the Clean Air Act (CAA or Act) for the 2015 8-hour ozone national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS or standards). Whenever EPA promulgates a new or revised NAAQS, the CAA requires that each state adopt and submit a SIP for the implementation, maintenance, and enforcement of that NAAQS. The January 25, 2021, SIP submission addresses all infrastructure elements except for those pertaining to the contribution to nonattainment or interference with maintenance of the NAAQS in other states. EPA is conditionally approving the portions of the submittal related to the prevention of significant deterioration (PSD) infrastructure elements and the air quality modeling element. 
Pesticides; Final Guidance for Pesticide Registrants on the Lists of Pests of Significant Public Health Importance (Pesticide Registration Notice 2023-1): 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is announcing the availability of a final Pesticide Registration Notice (PR Notice) entitled, ``Lists of Pests of Significant Public Health Importance'' and identified as PR Notice 2023-1. PR Notices are issued by the Office of Pesticide Programs (OPP) to inform pesticide registrants and other interested persons about important policies, procedures, and registration related decisions, and serve to provide guidance to pesticide registrants and OPP personnel. This PR Notice updates and replaces the PR Notice 2002-1, which identifies pests of significant public health importance. The Health and Human Services (HHS), United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) determined that updating the lists to reflect the current public health situation were warranted because vector-borne diseases and related research has changed significantly since the original PR Notice was published almost 20 years ago. This update includes the addition or removal of pests, new impacts, renaming pests, or grouping pests of similar species. 
White House Environmental Justice Advisory Council; Notification of Virtual Public Meeting: 
Pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) hereby provides notice that the White House Environmental Justice Advisory Council (WHEJAC) will meet on the date and times described below. Due to unforeseen administrative circumstances, EPA is announcing this meeting with less than 15 calendar days public notice. The meeting is open to the public. For additional information about registering to attend the meeting or to provide a public comment, please see ``REGISTRATION'' under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION. Pre-registration is required. 
Proposed Consent Decree, Clean Water Act and Administrative Procedure Act Claims: 
In accordance with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator's March 18, 2022, memorandum regarding ``Consent Decrees and Settlement Agreements to resolve Environmental Claims Against the Agency,'' notice is hereby given of a proposed consent decree in Cape Fear River Watch et al., v. United States Environmental Protection Agency, No. 1:22-cv-03809 (D. D.C). On December 23, 2022, Plaintiffs Cape Fear River Watch, Rural Empowerment Association for Community Help, Waterkeepers Chesapeake, Waterkeeper Alliance, Humane Society of the United States, Food & Water Watch, Environment America, Comite Civico del Valle, Center for Biological Diversity, and Animal Legal Defense Fund (collectively, ``Plaintiffs'') filed a complaint against the EPA alleging that the Agency had failed to perform duties mandated by the Clean Water Act (``CWA'') to revise the effluent limitations guidelines (``ELGs'') and promulgate pretreatment standards for the Meat and Poultry Products (``MPP'') industrial category, after EPA had determined that such revised ELGs and standards were appropriate. EPA seeks public input on a proposed consent decree prior to its final decision-making with regard to potential settlement of the litigation. 
Endangered Wildlife; Recovery Permit Applications: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, invite the public to comment on the following applications for a permit to conduct activities intended to recover and enhance endangered species survival. With some exceptions, the Endangered Species Act (ESA) prohibits certain activities that may impact endangered species, unless a Federal permit allows such activity. The ESA also requires that we invite public comment before issuing these permits. 
Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska: 
NMFS is prohibiting directed fishing for Pacific cod by vessels using pot gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska (GOA). This action is necessary to prevent exceeding the A season allowance of the 2023 total allowable catch (TAC) of Pacific cod by vessels using pot gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the GOA. 
Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery Management Plan; Amendment 30; 2023-24 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Correcting Amendment: 
NMFS is correcting the 2023-2024 harvest specifications and management measures for groundfish caught in the U.S. exclusive economic zone seaward of Washington, Oregon, and California published on December 16, 2022. These corrections are necessary so the regulations accurately implement the intent of the Pacific Fishery Management Council. 
Fisheries of the South Atlantic; Southeast Data, Assessment, and Review (SEDAR); Public Meeting: 
The SEDAR 82 assessment of the South Atlantic stock of gray triggerfish will consist of a data workshop, a series of assessment webinars, and a review workshop. A SEDAR 82 Assessment Webinar I is scheduled for March 22, 2023. See SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION. 
Pacific Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The Pacific Fishery Management Council (Pacific Council) and the NMFS Northwest Fisheries Science Center will convene an online pre- assessment workshop to review proposed data and modeling approaches to inform groundfish stock assessments for shortspine thornyhead, rex sole, and petrale sole, scheduled for assessment during 2023. The workshop is open to the public. 
Recruitment Notice for the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel: 
Notice of open season for recruitment of IRS Taxpayer Advocacy Panel (TAP) members. 
Statement of Organization: 
This notice sets forth the Statement of Organization of the Office for Civil Rights (OCR) of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
Land Acquisitions; Oneida Indian Nation, Madison and Oneida Counties, New York: 
The Assistant Secretary--Indian Affairs made a final agency determination to acquire in trust 269.543 acres, more or less, of land located within the Nation's Reservation, in Madison County and Oneida County, New York, for the Oneida Indian Nation (Nation or OIN) for gaming and other purposes. 
Current List of HHS-Certified Laboratories and Instrumented Initial Testing Facilities Which Meet Minimum Standards To Engage in Urine and Oral Fluid Drug Testing for Federal Agencies: 
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) notifies federal agencies of the laboratories and Instrumented Initial Testing Facilities (IITFs) currently certified to meet the standards of the Mandatory Guidelines for Federal Workplace Drug Testing Programs using Urine or Oral Fluid (Mandatory Guidelines). 
Safety Zones; Annual Events in the Captain of the Port Buffalo Zone: 
The Coast Guard will enforce the safety zone for the annual Parade of Lights event in the Captain of the Port of Buffalo zone. Enforcement of this safety zone is necessary to protect the safety of life and property on the navigable waters immediately prior to, during, and immediately after this event. During the enforcement period, no person or vessel may enter the respective safety zone without permission from the Captain of the Port Buffalo or a designated representative. 
Safety Zone; Aransas Bay, Corpus Christi, TX: 
The Coast Guard is establishing a temporary safety zone for certain navigable waters in the Aransas Bay. The safety zone is needed to protect personnel, vessels, and the marine environment from potential hazards created by a firework display launched from a barge in the Aransas Bay, Corpus Christi, Texas. Entry of vessels or persons into this zone is prohibited unless specifically authorized by the Captain of the Port Sector Corpus Christi or a designated representative. 
Port Access Route Study: Approaches to Galveston Bay and Sabine Pass, Texas and Calcasieu Pass, Louisiana: 
The Coast Guard is conducting a Port Access Route Study (PARS) to evaluate the adequacy of existing vessel routing measures and determine whether additional vessel routing measures are necessary for port approaches to Galveston Bay and Sabine Pass, Texas, Calcasieu Pass, Louisiana, and international and domestic transit areas in the Eighth Coast Guard District area of responsibility (AOR). The Approaches to Galveston Bay and Sabine Pass, Texas and Calcasieu Pass, Louisiana PARS (TX/LAPARS) will consider whether existing or additional routing measures are necessary to improve navigation safety due to factors such as planned or potential wind energy offshore development, current port capabilities and planned improvements, increased vessel traffic, changing vessel traffic patterns, weather conditions, or navigational difficulty. Vessel routing measures, which include traffic separation schemes, two-way routes, recommended tracks, deep-water routes, precautionary areas, and areas to be avoided, are implemented to reduce risk of marine casualties. The recommendations of the study may subsequently be implemented through rulemakings or in accordance with international agreements. 
Proposed Flood Hazard Determinations: 
Comments are requested on proposed flood hazard determinations, which may include additions or modifications of any Base Flood Elevation (BFE), base flood depth, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundary or zone designation, or regulatory floodway on the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and where applicable, in the supporting Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports for the communities listed in the table below. The purpose of this notice is to seek general information and comment regarding the preliminary FIRM, and where applicable, the FIS report that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided to the affected communities. The FIRM and FIS report are the basis of the floodplain management measures that the community is required either to adopt or to show evidence of having in effect in order to qualify or remain qualified for participation in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). 
Changes in Flood Hazard Determinations: 
New or modified Base (1-percent annual chance) Flood Elevations (BFEs), base flood depths, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundaries or zone designations, and/or regulatory floodways (hereinafter referred to as flood hazard determinations) as shown on the indicated Letter of Map Revision (LOMR) for each of the communities listed in the table below are finalized. Each LOMR revises the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and in some cases the Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports, currently in effect for the listed communities. 
Proposed Flood Hazard Determinations: 
Comments are requested on proposed flood hazard determinations, which may include additions or modifications of any Base Flood Elevation (BFE), base flood depth, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundary or zone designation, or regulatory floodway on the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and where applicable, in the supporting Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports for the communities listed in the table below. The purpose of this notice is to seek general information and comment regarding the preliminary FIRM, and where applicable, the FIS report that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided to the affected communities. The FIRM and FIS report are the basis of the floodplain management measures that the community is required either to adopt or to show evidence of having in effect in order to qualify or remain qualified for participation in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). 
Adjustable Rate Mortgages: Transitioning From LIBOR to Alternate Indices: 
HUD is removing the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) as an approved index for adjustable interest rate mortgages (ARMs), and replacing LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as a Secretary-approved index for newly originated forward ARMs. HUD is also codifying its removal of LIBOR and approval of SOFR as an index for newly-originated Home Equity Conversion Mortgage (HECM or reverse mortgage) ARMs. In addition, HUD is establishing a spread-adjusted SOFR index as the Secretary-approved replacement index to transition existing forward and HECM ARMs off LIBOR. HUD is also making clarifying changes to its HECM Monthly ARM regulation and establishing a lifetime adjustment cap for monthly adjustable rate HECMs. This final rule adopts HUD's October 19, 2022, proposed rule with minor changes. 
Changes in Branch Office Registration Requirements: 
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is publishing this proposed rule to revise HUD's regulations for branch office registration requirements. To make mortgage industry standards more flexible and modernized, the proposed rule would remove the requirement that lenders and mortgagees register with HUD each branch office where they conduct Federal Housing Administration (FHA) business. 
Expansion of Induction of Buprenorphine via Telemedicine Encounter: 
The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) is amending its regulations, in concert with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), to expand the circumstances under which individual practitioners are authorized to prescribe schedule III-V narcotic drugs or combinations of such drugs that have been approved for use in continuous medical treatment (also referred to as maintenance) or withdrawal management treatment (also referred to as detoxification)-- via a telemedicine encounter, including an audio-only telemedicine encounter. 
Telemedicine Prescribing of Controlled Substances When the Practitioner and the Patient Have Not Had a Prior In-Person Medical Evaluation: 
Under the Ryan Haight Online Pharmacy Consumer Protection Act of 2008 and Drug Enforcement Administration's (DEA) implementing regulations, after a patient and a practitioner have had an in-person medical evaluation, that practitioner may use telehealth to prescribe that patient any prescription for a controlled medication that the practitioner deems medically necessary. The Ryan Haight Act and DEA's implementing regulations do not apply to other forms of telemedicine, telehealth, or telepsychiatry that are not otherwise addressed in the Controlled Substances Act. This proposed rule applies only in limited circumstances when the prescribing practitioner wishes to prescribe controlled medications via the practice of telemedicine and has not otherwise conducted an in-person medical evaluation prior to the issuance of the prescription. 
Public Meeting of the Advisory Committee on Apprenticeship (ACA): 
Pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), notice is hereby given to announce a public meeting of the ACA. All meetings of the ACA are open to the public. 
Rescission of Implementing Legal Requirements Regarding the Equal Opportunity Clause's Religious Exemption Rule: 
This action finalizes the proposal of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) to rescind the final rule titled ``Implementing Legal Requirements Regarding the Equal Opportunity Clause's Religious Exemption,'' which took effect on January 8, 2021. This rescission removes the regulations established by that rule. 
Antidumping or Countervailing Duty Order, Finding, or Suspended Investigation; Advance Notification of Sunset Review: 
In accordance with the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended (the Act), the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) is automatically initiating the five-year reviews (Sunset Reviews) of the antidumping and countervailing duty (AD/CVD) order(s) and suspended investigation(s) listed below. The International Trade Commission (the ITC) is publishing concurrently with this notice its notice of Institution of Five-Year Reviews which covers the same order(s) and suspended investigation(s). 
Certain Welded Carbon Steel Standard Pipes and Tubes From India: Final Negative Determinations of Circumvention of the Antidumping Duty Order: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that imports of certain welded carbon steel standard pipes and tubes (pipe and tube), completed in Oman and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) from hot-rolled steel (HRS) produced in India, are not circumventing the antidumping duty (AD) order on pipe and tube from India. 
Initiation of Five-Year (Sunset) Reviews: 
In accordance with the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended (the Act), the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) is automatically initiating the five-year reviews (Sunset Reviews) of the antidumping and countervailing duty (AD/CVD) order(s) and suspended investigation(s) listed below. The U.S. International Trade Commission (the ITC) is publishing concurrently with this notice its notice of Institution of Five-Year Reviews which covers the same order(s) and suspended investigation(s). 
Aluminum Foil From China; Institution of Five-Year Reviews: 
The Commission hereby gives notice that it has instituted reviews pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act''), as amended, to determine whether revocation of the antidumping and countervailing duty orders on aluminum foil from China would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury. Pursuant to the Act, interested parties are requested to respond to this notice by submitting the information specified below to the Commission. 
Certain Polyester Staple Fiber From China; Institution of a Five-Year Review: 
The Commission hereby gives notice that it has instituted a review pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act''), as amended, to determine whether revocation of the antidumping duty order on certain polyester staple fiber from China would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury. Pursuant to the Act, interested parties are requested to respond to this notice by submitting the information specified below to the Commission. 
Honey From China; Institution of a Five-Year Review: 
The Commission hereby gives notice that it has instituted a review pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act''), as amended, to determine whether revocation of the antidumping duty order on honey from China would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury. Pursuant to the Act, interested parties are requested to respond to this notice by submitting the information specified below to the Commission. 
Airworthiness Directives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH and Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH Gliders: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2015-09-04 R1, which applied to DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Model DG-1000T gliders equipped with a Solo Kleinmotoren GmbH (currently Solo Vertriebs-und Entwicklungs-GmbH) (Solo) Model 2350 C engine. AD 2015-09-04 R1 prohibited operation of the engine and required performing a magnetic particle or dye penetrant inspection of the propeller shaft and reporting the results of the inspection to Solo. This AD is prompted by mandatory continuing airworthiness information (MCAI) originated by an aviation authority of another country to identify and correct an unsafe condition on an aviation product. The MCAI identifies the unsafe condition as occurrences of rupture of the eccentric axle on Solo Model 2350 C engines (installed on DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Model DG-1000T gliders in the United States) and an occurrence on a Solo Model 2350 D engine (installed on Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH (Schempp-Hirth) Model Duo Discus T gliders in the United States). This AD requires repetitive replacement of the eccentric axle, adds the Schempp-Hirth Model Duo Discus T gliders to the applicability, and retains from AD 2015-09-04 R1 the option of operating the glider with the engine non-operative instead of replacing the eccentric axle. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH Gliders: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for all Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH Model Duo Discus and Duo Discus T gliders. This AD was prompted by mandatory continuing airworthiness information (MCAI) originated by an aviation authority of another country to identify and correct an unsafe condition on an aviation product. The MCAI identifies the unsafe condition as the airbrake becoming blocked or jammed in an extended position during high airspeed due to an incorrect adjustment on the airbrake system. This AD requires repetitively inspecting the airbrake system and taking corrective action as necessary. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace, and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Quantico, VA: 
This action proposes to amend Class D airspace, remove Class E airspace designated as an extension to a Class D surface area, establish a Class D airspace extension, and amend Class E airspace extending upward from 700 feet above the surface at Quantico MCAF (Turner Field), Quantico, VA, as an airspace evaluation determined an update is necessary. In addition, this action would remove the Brooke Very High-Frequency Omnidirectional Range Collocated Tactical Air (VORTAC) from the Class E airspace extending upward from 700 feet above the surface in the legal description, remove the extension to the south, and increases the radius of the Class E airspace. This action would also update the airport's geographic coordinates and replace the terms Notice to Airmen with Notice to Air Missions and Airport/Facility Directory with Chart Supplement in the descriptions. 
Amendment of VOR Federal Airways V-71 and V-245, Revocation of VOR Federal Airways V-554 and V-570, and Establishment of RNAV Routes T-471, T-473, and T-474 in the Vicinity of Natchez, MS: 
This action proposes to amend Very High Frequency (VHF) Omnidirectional Range (VOR) Federal airways V-71 and V-245, revoke VOR Federal airways V-554 and V-570, and establish Area Navigation (RNAV) routes T-471, T-473, and T-474. The FAA is proposing this action due to the planned decommissioning of the VOR portion of the Natchez, MS (HEZ), VOR/Distance Measuring Equipment (VOR/DME) navigational aid (NAVAID). The Natchez VOR is being decommissioned in support of the FAA's VOR Minimum Operational Network (MON) program. 
Notice of Proposed Release From the Grant Assurance Obligations To Allow a Portion of Airport Property To Be Used for Non-Aeronautical Purposes at Syracuse Hancock International Airport (SYR), Syracuse, New York: 
The FAA proposes to rule and invites public comment on the application for a release of approximately 20.24 acres of federally obligated airport property at Syracuse Hancock International Airport, Syracuse, New York, from conditions, reservations, and restrictions contained in Airport Improvement Program (AIP) grants. This acreage is composed of portions of three parcels. The first two parcels consists of 11.75 acres and 6.29 acres that were acquired without federal assistance. The third parcel consists of 2.20 acres that was acquired by the City of Syracuse through AIP Grant 3-36-0114-02-83. The release will allow the airport to enter into a long-term non-aeronautical lease for mixed-use commercial development. The proposed use of land after the release will be compatible with the airport and will not interfere with the airport or its operation. 
Qualification of Drivers; Exemption Applications; Epilepsy and Seizure Disorders: 
FMCSA announces its decision to renew exemptions for six individuals from the requirement in the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations (FMCSRs) that interstate commercial motor vehicle (CMV) drivers have ``no established medical history or clinical diagnosis of epilepsy or any other condition which is likely to cause loss of consciousness or any loss of ability to control a CMV.'' The exemptions enable these individuals who have had one or more seizures and are taking anti-seizure medication to continue to operate CMVs in interstate commerce. 
Qualification of Drivers; Exemption Applications; Hearing: 
FMCSA announces its decision to renew exemptions for 28 individuals from the hearing requirement in the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations (FMCSRs) for interstate commercial motor vehicle (CMV) drivers. The exemptions enable these hard of hearing and deaf individuals to continue to operate CMVs in interstate commerce. 
Request for Information: Administration of the Cargo Preference Act of 1954: 
This notice requests information from the public to assist MARAD in assessing the processes used to implement the Cargo Preference Act of 1954, which directs the use of U.S.-flag vessels to transport certain amounts of civilian federal government agencies' cargo. 
Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards: 
The Office of the Secretary of Transportation is updating the DOT regulation that adopts the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards. This amendment responds to the 2020 changes to the Office of Management and Budget Guidance for Grants and Agreements, which amended OMB's Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards, by revising section cross-references. 
Cyber Incident Notification Requirements for Federally Insured Credit Unions: 
The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA or agency) is amending Part 748 of its regulations to require a federally insured credit union (FICU) that experiences a reportable cyber incident to report the incident to the NCUA as soon as possible and no later than 72 hours after the FICU reasonably believes that it has experienced a reportable cyber incident. This notification requirement provides an early alert to the NCUA and does not require a FICU to provide a detailed incident assessment to the NCUA within the 72-hour time frame. 
Request for Information: DRAFT Federal Strategy to Advance an Integrated U.S. Greenhouse Gas Monitoring and Information System; Number NNH23ZDA009L: 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has issued a Request for Information (RFI) on behalf of the Biden-Harris Administration's Greenhouse Gas Monitoring & Measurement Interagency Working Group (GHG IWG), established by the Office of Science & Technology Policy, White House Climate Policy Office, and Office of Management and Budget. The GHG IWG seeks to receive input from the public on the draft Federal Strategy to Advance an Integrated U.S. Greenhouse Gas Monitoring & Information System (GHGMIS Strategy) that is posted on the NASA Solicitation and Proposal Integrated Review and Evaluation System's (NSPIRES). The GHG IWG will use information received to 1) inform the drafting of the final version of the GHGMIS Strategy and 2) in discussions on potential partnerships related to demonstration projects. 
Change of Address; Technical Amendment: 
Before using an electronic signature in an electronic record required by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency), a person must submit a letter of non-repudiation to FDA. Letters of non- repudiation are required to certify that a person's electronic signatures are intended to be the legally binding equivalent of traditional handwritten signatures. FDA is amending its regulations to update the address for submission of a certification in paper form and to provide an option for electronic submission. This amendment is to ensure accuracy and clarity in the Agency's regulations. This technical amendment is nonsubstantive. 
Potency Assay Considerations for Monoclonal Antibodies and Other Therapeutic Proteins Targeting Viral Pathogens; Draft Guidance for Industry; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is announcing the availability of a draft guidance for industry entitled ``Potency Assay Considerations for Monoclonal Antibodies and Other Therapeutic Proteins Targeting Viral Pathogens.'' The purpose of this draft guidance is to provide to sponsors recommendations that assist in the development of monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) and other therapeutic proteins that directly target viral proteins or host cell proteins mediating pathogenic mechanisms of infection. A critical quality control measure for these products is the development and implementation of a potency assay(s) adequate to ensure that each lot is produced consistently with the potency necessary to achieve clinical efficacy and that such potency is maintained over the shelf life of the product. This draft guidance provides detailed recommendations to drug developers with the goal of helping to ensure that drug developers provide adequate information to assess potency at each stage of a product's life cycle. 
Blood Products Advisory Committee; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; Request for Comments: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announces a forthcoming public advisory committee meeting of the Blood Products Advisory Committee. The general function of the committee is to provide advice and recommendations to the Agency on FDA's regulatory issues related to blood and products derived from blood. At least one portion of the meeting will be closed to the public. FDA is establishing a docket for public comment on this document. 
Joint Meeting of the Nonprescription Drugs Advisory Committee and the Anesthetic and Analgesic Drug Products Advisory Committee; Cancellation: 
The meeting of the Nonprescription Drugs Advisory Committee and the Anesthetic and Analgesic Drug Products Advisory Committee scheduled for March 20, 2023, is cancelled. This meeting was announced in the Federal Register of January 30, 2023. The meeting is no longer needed. 
Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; Request for Comments: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announces a forthcoming public advisory committee meeting of the Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee. The general function of the committee is to provide advice and recommendations to FDA on regulatory issues. The meeting will be open to the public. FDA is establishing a docket for public comment on this document. 
Statement of Organization, Functions, and Delegations of Authority: 
The Secretary of Health and Human Services delegates to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Commissioner the authorities vested in the Secretary of Health and Human Services (the Secretary) under section 3855 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, as amended, to send annual letters to Congress regarding the progress of FDA in: evaluating the Over-the-Counter Monograph M012: Cold, Cough, Allergy, Bronchodilator, and Antiasthmatic Drug Products for Over-the-Counter Human Use with respect to children under the age of 6, and as appropriate, revising that monograph through the order process of section 505G(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to address such children. These authorities may be redelegated. Exercise of this authority shall be in accordance with established policies, procedures, guidelines, and regulations as prescribed by the Secretary. 
Notice of Intent To Repatriate Cultural Items: California State University, Sacramento, Sacramento, CA: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the California State University, Sacramento, Sacramento, CA intends to repatriate certain cultural items that meet the definition of unassociated funerary objects and that have a cultural affiliation with the Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The cultural items were removed from Yolo County, CA. 
Notice of Intent To Repatriate Cultural Items: California State University, Sacramento, Sacramento, CA: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the California State University, Sacramento intends to repatriate certain cultural items that meet the definition of objects of cultural patrimony and that have a cultural affiliation with the Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The cultural items were removed from Amador County, CA. 
Notice of Inventory Completion: California State University, Sacramento, Sacramento, CA: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the California State University, Sacramento has completed an inventory of human remains and associated funerary objects and has determined that there is a cultural affiliation between the human remains and associated funerary objects and Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The human remains and associated funerary objects were removed from Yolo County, CA. 
Notice of Inventory Completion: California State University, Sacramento, Sacramento, CA: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the California State University, Sacramento has completed an inventory of human remains and associated funerary objects and has determined that there is a cultural affiliation between the human remains and associated funerary objects and Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The human remains and associated funerary objects were removed from Sacramento County, CA. 
National Register of Historic Places; Notification of Pending Nominations and Related Actions: 
The National Park Service is soliciting electronic comments on the significance of properties nominated before February 18, 2023, for listing or related actions in the National Register of Historic Places. 
Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO) for Section 313A Guarantees for Bonds and Notes Issued for Utility Infrastructure Purposes for Fiscal Year (FY) 2023: 
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS or the Agency), a Rural Development agency of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), announces the acceptance of applications under the Guarantees for Bonds and Notes Issued for Utility Infrastructure Purposes Program (the 313A Program) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2023. This notice is being issued in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and submit their applications and give the Agency time to process applications within FY 2023. Based on FY 2023 appropriated funding, the Agency announces that $900 million will be available for FY 2023. The purpose of the 313A Program is to guarantee loans to selected applicants as a Guaranteed Lender. Successful applications will be selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made available through apportionment. All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their applications. 
Proposed Establishment of the Crystal Springs of Napa Valley Viticultural Area: 
The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) proposes to establish the approximately 4,000-acre ``Crystal Springs of Napa Valley'' American viticultural area (AVA) in Napa County, California. The proposed AVA is located entirely within the existing North Coast AVA and also entirely within the Napa Valley AVA. TTB designates viticultural areas to allow vintners to better describe the origin of their wines and to allow consumers to better identify wines they may purchase. TTB invites comments on these proposals. 
Technology Advisory Committee: 
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) announces that on March 22, 2023, from 12:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time, the Technology Advisory Committee (TAC or Committee) will hold an in-person public meeting at the CFTC's Washington, DC headquarters with options for the public to attend virtually. At this meeting, the TAC will discuss, among other things, the Committee's structure; formation of subcommittees; and potential topics for the TAC to prioritize in making policy recommendations to the CFTC on issues relating to the impact and implications of technological change in the financial services, derivatives, and commodity markets. 
Federal Advisory Committee Act; Communications Security, Reliability, and Interoperability Council: 
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, this notice advises interested persons that the Federal Communications Commission's (Commission) Communications Security, Reliability, and Interoperability Council (CSRIC) VIII will hold its seventh meeting. 
Digital Equity Act of 2021; Request for Comments: 
The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021, also known (and referred to subsequently herein) as IIJA or the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, includes a historic investment of $65 billion to help close the digital divide and ensure that everyone in America has access to affordable, reliable, high-speed internet service. The Department of Commerce's National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) is responsible for distributing more than $48 billion in Bipartisan Infrastructure Law funding through several different programs. NTIA is requesting comments on the $2.75 billion Digital Equity Act of 2021 Program, and on the design and implementation of two components of that grant program: the $1.44 billion State Digital Equity Capacity Grant Program and the $1.25 billion Digital Equity Competitive Grant Program. NTIA seeks broad input and feedback from all interested stakeholders across the nation, including Tribal entities, and has established multiple avenues for the public to offer input to bolster NTIA's work and to improve the number and quality of ideas under consideration as the agency develops Notices of Funding Opportunity for each of the Digital Equity Capacity Grant and Digital Equity Competitive Grant Programs to be implemented by NTIA pursuant to the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law. This includes a series of public virtual listening sessions which will be announced at a later date. 
Establishing Permanent Electronic Filing for Patent Term Extension Applications: 
To further advance the United States Patent and Trademark Office's (USPTO or Office) information technology strategy of achieving complete beginning-to-end electronic processing of patent-related submissions, the USPTO is revising the Rules of Practice in Patent Cases to require that patent term extension (PTE) applications, interim PTE applications, and any related submissions to the USPTO be submitted electronically via the USPTO patent electronic filing system (Patent Center or EFS-Web). The rule changes reduce the administrative burden on PTE applicants and improve administrative efficiency by facilitating electronic file management, optimizing workflow processes, and reducing processing errors. 
Applications for Deregistration Under Section 8(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940: 
Applicant, a closed-end investment company, seeks an order declaring that it has ceased to be an investment company. On September 25, 2018, applicant made liquidating distributions to its shareholders based on net asset value. Expenses of $8,362 incurred in connection with the liquidation were paid by the applicant. Filing Date: The application was filed on February 2, 2023. Applicant's Address: Brookfield Public Securities Group LLC, Brookfield Place, 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10281-1023. 
List of Approved Spent Fuel Storage Casks: Holtec International HI-STORM Flood/Wind Multipurpose Canister Storage System, Certificate of Compliance No. 1032, AmendmentNo. 6: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is confirming the effective date of March 22, 2023, for the direct final rule that was published in the Federal Register on January 6, 2023. This direct final rule amended the Holtec International Storage Module Flood/Wind (HI- STORM FW) Multipurpose Canister Storage System listing within the ``List of approved spent fuel storage casks'' to include Amendment No. 6 to Certificate of Compliance No. 1032. 
Southern Nuclear Operating Company, Inc., Vogtle Electric Generating Plant, Unit 3: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has issued License Amendment No. 190 to Combined License (COL) NPF-91. The COL amendment involved changes to Vogtle Electric Generating Plant (VEGP), Unit 3, COL Appendix A, Technical Specifications (TS). The amendment involved changes to remove operability requirements prior to initial criticality for (1) the In-containment Refueling Water Storage Tank (IRWST) in Mode 5 (TS 3.5.7) and Mode 6 (TS 3.5.8), and (2) various Protection and Safety Monitoring System and Diverse Actuation System (DAS) automatic and/or manual actuation signals that initiate IRWST, Automatic Depressurization System (ADS) stage 4, and Chemical and Volume Control System (CVS) letdown isolation valves in Modes 5 and 6. These changes allow disabling the IRWST injection and recirculation function during the repair activities on VEGP Unit 3 IRWST injection isolation valve 3-PXS-V123A. Southern Nuclear Operating Company, Inc., (SNC) is licensed to operate VEGP, Unit 3, located in Burke County, Georgia. 
Vermont: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions: 
Vermont has applied to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for final authorization of revisions to its hazardous waste program under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), as amended. The EPA has reviewed Vermont's application and has determined that these revisions satisfy all requirements needed to qualify for final authorization. Therefore, we are taking direct final action to authorize the State's changes. In the ``Proposed Rules'' section of this issue of the Federal Register, the EPA is also publishing a separate document that serves as the proposal to authorize these revisions. Unless the EPA receives written comments that oppose this authorization during the comment period, the decision to authorize Vermont's revisions to its hazardous waste program will take effect. 
Vermont: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions: 
Vermont has applied to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for final authorization of revisions to its hazardous waste program under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), as amended. The EPA proposes to grant final authorization to Vermont for these revisions by a direct final rule, which can be found in the ``Rules and Regulations'' section of this issue of the Federal Register. We have explained the reasons for this authorization in the preamble to the direct final rule. Unless EPA receives written comments that oppose this authorization during the comment period, the direct final rule will become effective on the date it establishes, and the EPA will not take further action on this proposed rule. 
Small Community Advisory Subcommittee Meeting: 
Pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), EPA herby provides notice of a meeting for the Local Government Advisory Committee's (LGAC) Small Community Advisory Subcommittee (SCAS) on the date and time described below. This meeting will be open to the public. For information on public attendance and participation, please see the registration information under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION. 
Revision of Approved State Primacy Program for the State of Arizona: 
Notice is hereby given that the State of Arizona revised its approved State primacy program under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) by adopting regulations that effectuate the federal Revised Total Coliform Rule (RTCR). The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has determined that Arizona's revision request meets the applicable SDWA program revision requirements and the regulations adopted by Arizona are no less stringent than the corresponding federal regulations. Therefore, EPA approves this revision to Arizona's approved State primacy program. However, this determination on Arizona's request for approval of a program revision shall take effect in accordance with the procedures described below in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section of this notice after the opportunity to request a public hearing. 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status With Section 4(d) Rule for the Upper Coosa River Distinct Population Segment of Frecklebelly Madtom and Designation of Critical Habitat: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service), determine threatened species status under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (Act), as amended, for the Upper Coosa River distinct population segment (DPS) of the frecklebelly madtom (Noturus munitus), a fish species. We are also finalizing a rule under section 4(d) of the Act to provide for conservation of the species. In addition, we designate critical habitat for the Upper Coosa River DPS under the Act. In total, approximately 134 river miles (216 kilometers) in Georgia and Tennessee fall within the boundaries of the critical habitat designation. This rule applies the protections of the Act to this species and its designated critical habitat. 
Request for Nominations; Committee of Scientific Advisers on Marine Mammals: 
The Marine Mammal Commission was created under title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972, as amended. The Commission is assisted in its duties by the Committee of Scientific Advisers on Marine Mammals. The Committee consists of nine members, appointed by the Chair of the Commission. As a general rule, Committee Members are appointed for three-year terms, which may be extended, but vacancies do not occur on a regular basis. To assist the Commission in identifying qualified candidates for appointment to the Committee if and when vacancies occur, the Commission is soliciting nominations from the public. 
Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Gulf of Alaska; Final 2023 and 2024 Harvest Specifications for Groundfish: 
NMFS announces final 2023 and 2024 harvest specifications, apportionments, and Pacific halibut prohibited species catch limits for the groundfish fishery of the Gulf of Alaska (GOA). This action is necessary to establish harvest limits for groundfish during the remainder of the 2023 and the start of the 2024 fishing years and to accomplish the goals and objectives of the Fishery Management Plan for Groundfish of the Gulf of Alaska (FMP). The 2023 harvest specifications supersede those previously set in the final 2022 and 2023 harvest specifications, and the 2024 harvest specifications will be superseded in early 2024 when the final 2024 and 2025 harvest specifications are published. The intended effect of this action is to conserve and manage the groundfish resources in the GOA in accordance with the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (Magnuson-Stevens Act). 
Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Amendment 54: 
The Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council (Council) has submitted Amendment 54 to the Fishery Management Plan (FMP) for the Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico (Gulf) (Amendment 54) for review, approval, and implementation by NMFS. If approved by the Secretary of Commerce, Amendment 54 would revise Gulf greater amberjack sector allocations and catch limits. The purposes of Amendment 54 are to end overfishing of Gulf greater amberjack and to update catch limits to be consistent with the best scientific information available. 
New England Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The New England Fishery Management Council (Council) is scheduling a public meeting of its Skate Committee to consider actions affecting New England fisheries in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ). Recommendations from this group will be brought to the full Council for formal consideration and action, if appropriate. 
New England Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The New England Fishery Management Council (Council) is scheduling a public meeting of its Skate Advisory Panel to consider actions affecting New England fisheries in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ). Recommendations from this group will be brought to the full Council for formal consideration and action, if appropriate. 
Pacific Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The Pacific Fishery Management Council's (Pacific Council) Coastal Pelagic Species Management Team will hold one public meeting. 
Pacific Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The Pacific Fishery Management Council (Pacific Council) will convene a webinar meeting of its Groundfish Management Team (GMT) to discuss items on the Pacific Council's April 2023 meeting agenda. This meeting is open to the public. 
Marine Mammals; File No. 27052: 
Notice is hereby given that the NMFS Northwest Fisheries Science Center (NWFSC), 2725 Montlake Boulevard East, Seattle, WA 98112-2097 (Responsible Party: M. Bradley Hanson, Ph.D.), has applied in due form for a permit to conduct research on marine mammals. 
New Postal Products: 
The Commission is noticing a recent Postal Service filing for the Commission's consideration concerning a negotiated service agreement. This notice informs the public of the filing, invites public comment, and takes other administrative steps. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
The United States Postal Service[supreg] (USPS) is proposing to revise a General Privacy Act System of Records to support the upgrade of a secure board portal software that provides leadership with instant access to the information they need before, during and after meetings, making board and committee interactions more efficient and productive. 
Product Change-Priority Mail Express and Priority Mail Negotiated Service Agreement: 
The Postal Service gives notice of filing a request with the Postal Regulatory Commission to add a domestic shipping services contract to the list of Negotiated Service Agreements in the Mail Classification Schedule's Competitive Products List. 
Agency Information Collection Activities: Proposed Collection; Comment Request: 
This notice announces the intention of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) to request that the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approve the proposed information collection project ``The AHRQ Safety Program for Telemedicine: Improving the Diagnostic Process and Improving Antibiotic Use.'' This proposed information collection was previously published in the Federal Register on December 15th, 2022 and allowed 60 days for public comment. AHRQ received no substantive comments from members of the public. The purpose of this notice is to allow an additional 30 days for public comment. 
Board of Scientific Counselors, Center for Preparedness and Response: 
In accordance with regulatory provisions, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announces the following meeting for the Board of Scientific Counselors, Center for Preparedness and Response (BSC, CPR). This is a hybrid meeting, accessible both in person and virtually. It is open to the public and limited only by the space available and the number of internet conference accesses available. Time will be available for public comment. 
Intent To Award a Single-Source Supplement for the Expanding the National Capacity for Person-Centered, Trauma-Informed (PCTI) Care: Services and Supports for Holocaust Survivors and Other Older Adults With a History of Trauma and Their Family Caregivers Program: 
The Administration for Community Living (ACL) announces the intent to award a single-source supplement to the current cooperative agreement held by the Jewish Federations of North America for the project Expanding the National Capacity for Person-Centered, Trauma- Informed (PCTI) Care: Services and Supports for Holocaust Survivors and Other Older Adults with a History of Trauma and Their Family Caregivers program. The purpose of this program is to advance the development and expansion of PCTI supportive services for Holocaust survivors living in the U.S. Additionally, the project is advancing the capacity of the broader aging services network to deliver services of this type to any older adult with a history of trauma and their family caregivers. 
Meeting of the Secretary's Advisory Committee on Human Research Protections: 
Pursuant to section 10(a) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, U.S.C. Appendix 2, notice is hereby given that the Secretary's Advisory Committee on Human Research Protections (SACHRP) will hold a meeting that will be open to the public. Information about SACHRP, the full meeting agenda, and instructions for linking to public access will be posted on the SACHRP website at http://www.dhhs.gov/ohrp/sachrp- committee/meetings/index.html. 
Meeting of the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS: 
As stipulated by the Federal Advisory Committee Act, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Service is hereby giving notice that the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS (PACHA or the Council) will convene the 76th full council meeting on Wednesday, March 29 and Thursday March 30, 2023. The meeting will convene in Washington, DC and it will also utilize virtual technologies. The meeting will be open to the public. Due to limited space, pre-registration is encouraged for members of the public who wish to attend the meeting in-person. Please email your name to PACHA@hhs.gov by close of business Wednesday, March 22, 2023 to pre-reigster. There will be a public comment session during the meeting; pre-registration is required to provide public comment. To pre-register to provide public comment, please send an email to PACHA@hhs.gov and include your name, organization, and title by close of business March 22, 2023. If you decide you would like to provide public comment but do not pre-register, you may submit your written statement by emailing PACHA@hhs.gov by close of business April 5, 2023. The meeting agenda will be posted on the PACHA page on HIV.gov at https://www.hiv.gov/federal-response/pacha/about-pacha prior to the meeting. 
Announcing Solicitation of Written Comments on the Physical Activity Guidelines Midcourse Report on Older Adults; Correction: 
The Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health published a document in the Federal Register of February 23, 2023, announcing the solicitation of rritten comments on the Physical Activity Guidelines Midcourse Report on Older Adults. The document announces the availability of the draft Physical Activity Guidelines Midcourse Report on Older Adults (Midcourse Report) and solicits written public comment on the draft report by March 10, 2023. The published Notice did not include the comment deadline. 
Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustments; Annual Adjustments: 
This rule provides for annual adjustments to the level of civil monetary penalties contained in Bureau of Indian Affairs (Bureau) regulations to account for inflation under the Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015 and Office of Management and Budget (OMB) guidance. 
Safety Zone; Ocean Rainforest Aquaculture, Santa Barbara, CA, Second Safety Zone: 
The U.S. Coast Guard is establishing a temporary safety zone for the navigable waters, approximately 5 miles offshore of Santa Barbara, California. This safety zone is needed to protect personnel, vessels, and the marine environment from potential hazards created by ongoing aquaculture gear deployment and installation. Entry of persons or vessels into this safety zone is prohibited unless specifically authorized by the Captain of the Port Sector Los Angeles--Long Beach (COTP), or their designated representative. The Coast Guard recently issued a safety zone for this area, but additional time is needed to complete the installation. 
Notice of Adjustment of Statewide Per Capita Indicator for Recommending a Cost Share Adjustment: 
FEMA gives notice that the statewide per capita indicator for recommending cost share adjustments for major disasters declared on or after January 1, 2023, through December 31, 2023 is $173. 
Alabama; Major Disaster and Related Determinations: 
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for the State of Alabama (FEMA-4684-DR), dated January 15, 2023, and related determinations. 
Alabama; Amendment No. 2 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State of Alabama (FEMA-4684-DR), dated January 15, 2023, and related determinations. 
Alabama; Amendment No. 3 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State of Alabama (FEMA-4684-DR), dated January 15, 2023, and related determinations. 
Alabama; Amendment No. 4 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State of Alabama (FEMA-4684-DR), dated January 15, 2023, and related determinations. 
California; Emergency and Related Determinations: 
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of an emergency for the State of California (FEMA-3591-EM), dated January 9, 2023, and related determinations. 
California; Major Disaster and Related Determinations: 
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for the State of California (FEMA-4683-DR), dated January 14, 2023, and related determinations. 
California; Amendment No. 3 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State of California (FEMA-4683-DR), dated January 14, 2023, and related determinations. 
California; Amendment No. 3 to Notice of an Emergency Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of an emergency declaration for the State California (FEMA-3591-EM), dated January 9, 2023, and related determinations. 
California; Amendment No. 4 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster for the State of California (FEMA-4683-DR), dated January 18, 2023, and related determinations. 
California; Amendment No. 5 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State of California (FEMA-4683-DR), dated January 14, 2023, and related determinations. 
California; Amendment No. 6 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State of California (FEMA-4683-DR), dated January 14, 2023, and related determinations. 
California; Amendment No. 7 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State California (FEMA-4683-DR), dated January 14, 2023, and related determinations. 
Georgia; Major Disaster and Related Determinations: 
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for the State of Georgia (FEMA-4685-DR), dated January 16, 2023, and related determinations. 
Georgia; Amendment No. 1 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State of Georgia (FEMA-4685-DR), dated January 16, 2023, and related determinations. 
Havasupai Tribe; Major Disaster and Related Determinations: 
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for the Havasupai Tribe (FEMA-4681-DR), dated December 30, 2022, and related determinations. 
New York; Emergency and Related Determinations: 
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of an emergency for the State of New York (FEMA-3590-EM), dated December 26, 2022, and related determinations. 
New York; Amendment No. 1 to Notice of an Emergency Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of an emergency declaration for the State of New York (FEMA-3590-EM), dated December 26, 2022, and related determinations. 
South Carolina; Amendment No. 3 to Notice of a Major Disaster Declaration: 
This notice amends the notice of a major disaster declaration for the State of South Carolina (FEMA-4677-DR), dated November 21, 2022, and related determinations. 
Washington; Major Disaster and Related Determinations: 
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for the State of Washington (FEMA-4682-DR), dated January 12, 2023, and related determinations. 
Notice of EB-5 Regional Center Integrity Fund Fee: 
The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) is announcing a fee to be collected by USCIS. The EB-5 Reform and Integrity Act of 2022 (the 2022 Act) requires USCIS to establish a special fund to be known as the EB-5 Integrity Fund to be primarily used by USCIS in the administration of the Regional Center Program. USCIS must collect a fee of $20,000 or $10,000, depending on certain factors established by the 2022 Act, to finance the EB-5 Integrity Fund from each designated regional center. This notice explains how regional centers should determine the amount of the fee and provides the process for how it is to be paid. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the Minnesota Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act, that the Minnesota Advisory Committee (Committee) to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights will hold a virtual business meeting via Zoom at 1:00 p.m. CT on Thursday, March 23, 2023, to discuss the Committee's next topic of study. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the South Dakota Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission), and the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), that the South Dakota State Advisory Committee to the Commission will convene a business meeting on Monday, March 27, 2023, at 1:00 p.m. Central Time. The purpose of the business meeting is to discuss the draft report for the Committee's topic on voting rights and voter access. 
Notice of Public Meetings of the South Dakota Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights; Revision to Time and Agenda Item: 
The Commission on Civil Rights published a notice in the Federal Register of Tuesday, January 10, 2023, concerning meetings of the South Dakota Advisory Committee. The notice is in FR Doc. 2023- 00230, in the first and second columns of page 1348. The document contains a meeting time that is now revised. Also, in the second column, Agenda item three should be revised to read: Discussion: Report on Voting Rights and Voter Access. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the Wyoming Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act, that the Wyoming Advisory Committee (Committee) to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights will hold a virtual business meeting via Zoom at 4:00 p.m. MT on Thursday, March 2, 2023. The purpose of the meeting is to approve the panelists for the Committee's first briefing on housing discrimination in the state. 
Hexavalent Chromium Standards for General Industry, Shipyard Employment, and Construction; Extension of the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Approval of Information Collection (Paperwork) Requirements: 
OSHA solicits public comments concerning the proposal to extend the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) approval of the information collection requirements specified in the Hexavalent Chromium Standards. 
Common Alloy Aluminum Sheet From Croatia: Preliminary Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2022: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily finds that Impol d.o.o. and Impol TLM d.o.o. (collectively, Impol), made sales of subject merchandise at less than normal value during the period of review (POR) October 15, 2020, through March 31, 2022. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Common Alloy Aluminum Sheet From Slovenia: Preliminary Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2022: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily finds that Impol d.o.o. and Impol FT, d.o.o. (collectively, Impol), made sales of subject merchandise at less than normal value during the period of review (POR) October 15, 2020, through March 31, 2022. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Heavy Walled Rectangular Welded Carbon Steel Pipes and Tubes From the Republic of Korea: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that HiSteel Co., Ltd. (HiSteel) made sales of subject merchandise at less than normal value during the period of review (POR), September 1, 2020, through August 31, 2021. 
Large Residential Washers From Mexico: Preliminary Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2021-2022: 
The Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that sales of large residential washers (washers) from Mexico have been made below normal value (NV) during the period of review (POR), February 1, 2021, through January 31, 2022. We invite interested parties to comment on these preliminary results. 
Draft Policy Statement Regarding Submission of Outline of New and Changed Systems at the Beginning of the Type Certificate Amendment Process for Transport Category Aircraft: 
As required by the Aircraft Certification, Safety, and Accountability Act, a draft policy statement would revise FAA procedures in order to require applicants for amendments to type certificates (TCs) for transport category aircraft to disclose, in a single document at the beginning of the certification process, all new systems and intended changes to existing systems known to the applicant. 
System Safety Assessments: 
This action extends the comment period for the NPRM titled ``System Safety Assessments,'' that was published on December 8, 2022. In that document, the FAA proposed to amend certain airworthiness regulations to standardize the criteria for conducting safety assessments for systems, including flight controls and powerplants, installed on transport category airplanes. With this action, the FAA seeks to reduce risk associated with airplane accidents and incidents that have occurred in service, and reduce risk associated with new technology in flight control systems. The intended effect of this proposed action is to improve aviation safety by making system safety assessment (SSA) certification requirements more comprehensive and consistent. The FAA is extending the comment period closing date to allow commenters additional time to analyze the proposed rule and prepare a response. 
National Emergency Medical Services Advisory Council; Solicitation of Applications: 
NHTSA is soliciting applications for appointment to the DOT's NEMSAC. The purpose of NEMSAC is to serve as a nationally recognized council of Emergency Medical Services (EMS) representatives and consumers to provide advice and recommendations regarding EMS to DOT. Through NHTSA, NEMSAC's advice is provided to the Federal Interagency Committee on EMS (FICEMS). 
Publication of Venezuela Sanctions Regulations Web General Licenses 19, 20, 21, 22, and Subsequent Iterations: 
The Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) is publishing six general licenses (GLs) issued in the Venezuela Sanctions program: GLs 19, 20, 20A, 20B, 21, and 22, each of which was previously made available on OFAC's website. 
Publication of Venezuela Sanctions Regulations Web General Licenses 36, 36A, 37, 38, and 39: 
The Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) is publishing five general licenses (GLs) issued in the Venezuela Sanctions program: GLs 36, 36A, 37, 38, and 39, each of which was previously made available on OFAC's website. 
Program for the Repayment of Educational Loans, Urgent Care, and Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program: 
This final rule will revise the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) regulations that govern the Program for the Repayment of Educational Loans (PREL) and Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program (SELRP) by adding the Office of Management and Budget approval number for the associated collections of information. VA is also making technical corrections to its regulation that governs VA's urgent care benefit. 
Staff Sergeant Fox Suicide Prevention Grant Program Funding Opportunity: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is announcing the availability of funds for suicide prevention grants under the Staff Sergeant Fox Suicide Prevention Grant Program (SSG Fox SPGP). This Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO) contains information concerning the SSG Fox SPGP; the renewal and new applicant suicide prevention grant application processes; and the amount of funding available. Awards made for suicide prevention grants will fund operations beginning on October 1, 2023. This is a 1-year award with the option to renew for an additional year, pending availability of funds and grantee performance. 
Solicitation of Nominations for Appointment to the Veterans and Community Oversight and Engagement Board: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking nominations of qualified candidates to be considered for appointment as a member of the Veterans and Community Oversight and Engagement Board (herein-after referred in this section to as ``the Board'') for the VA West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, CA (``Campus'') for the 2023 membership cycle. 
Programmatic Environmental Assessment for Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle Fielding: 
The Department of the Army (Army) has completed a Programmatic Environmental Assessment (PEA) analyzing the impacts of fielding the Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle (AMPV) at various Army installations in accordance with Department of Defense (DoD) and Army guidance. The Army is making the PEA and a draft Finding of No Significant Impact (FONSI) available for public comment. The PEA identifies no significant environmental impacts from implementing the proposed action. The draft FONSI concludes that preparing an environmental impact statement is not required and, therefore, one will not be prepared. 
Name of Information Collection: NASA Astronaut Candidate Selection (ASCAN) Qualifications Inquiry: 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as part of its continuing effort to reduce paperwork and respondent burden, invites the general public and other Federal agencies to take this opportunity to comment on proposed and/or continuing information collections. 
Bovine Tuberculosis Status Evaluation of Eight Mexican Regions and Intent To Classify Those Regions for Bovine Tuberculosis: 
We are advising the public that we are classifying eight Mexican regions for bovine tuberculosis as follows: The State of Sonora as Level II; the Yucat[aacute]n Peninsula region (States of Yucat[aacute]n and Quintana Roo, and part of the State of Campeche), the Huasteca region (parts of the States of Puebla, Veracruz, and Hidalgo), part of the State of Chihuahua, and part of the State of Durango as Level III; and part of the State of Coahuila, part of the State of Nuevo Le[oacute]n, and the State of Tamaulipas as Level IV. These recognitions are based on an evaluation we have prepared in connection with this action, which we made available for review and comment. 
Petition for Reconsideration of Action in Rulemaking Proceeding: 
Petition for Reconsideration (Petition) has been filed in the Commission's proceeding by Matthew Butler, on behalf Shire & Shore Communications. 
Manual of Patent Examining Procedure, Ninth Edition, Revision of July 2022: 
To provide updates to patent examination policy and procedures in a single source, which will improve access to essential guidance for all stakeholders and help to ensure issuance of robust and reliable patents that promote and protect innovation, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO or Office) issued a revision of the Ninth Edition of the Manual of Patent Examining Procedure (MPEP), published in February 2023 (July 2022 revision). The MPEP provides patent examiners and the public with a reference work on the practices and procedures relative to the prosecution of patent applications and other proceedings before the USPTO. The MPEP contains instructions to examiners, as well as other material in the nature of information and interpretation, and outlines the current procedures that examiners are required or authorized to follow in the normal examination of patent applications and during other Office proceedings. 
Establish Prices for 2023 Morgan and Peace Two-Coin Reverse Proof SetTM: 
The United States Mint is announcing pricing for United States Mint numismatic products in accordance with the table below: 
Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Clothes Washers: 
The Energy Policy and Conservation Act, as amended (``EPCA''), prescribes energy conservation standards for various consumer products and certain commercial and industrial equipment, including residential clothes washers (``RCWs''). EPCA also requires the U.S. Department of Energy (``DOE'') to periodically determine whether more-stringent, standards would be technologically feasible and economically justified, and would result in significant energy savings. In this notice of proposed rulemaking (``NOPR''), DOE proposes amended energy conservation standards for RCWs, and also announces a public meeting to receive comment on these proposed standards and associated analyses and results. 
Renewing Nuclear Power Plant Operating Licenses-Environmental Review: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is proposing to amend its environmental protection regulations by updating the Commission's 2013 findings on the environmental effect of renewing the operating license of a nuclear power plant. The NRC proposes to redefine the number and scope of the environmental issues that must be addressed during the review of each application for license renewal. As part of this update, the NRC has prepared draft Revision 2 to NUREG- 1437, ``Generic Environmental Impact Statement for License Renewal of Nuclear Plants'' (LR GEIS), to account for new information and to address the impacts of initial license renewals, which the previous versions considered, as well as first subsequent license renewals. The draft revised LR GEIS provides the technical basis for this proposed rule. The NRC is providing an opportunity for interested parties to submit comments on this proposed rule, the draft revised LR GEIS, and associated draft guidance. 
Revision of Fee Schedules; Fee Recovery for Fiscal Year 2023: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is proposing to amend the licensing, inspection, special project, and annual fees charged to its applicants and licensees. The proposed amendments are necessary to comply with the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act, which requires the NRC to recover, to the maximum extent practicable, approximately 100 percent of its annual budget less certain amounts excluded from this fee-recovery requirement. 
Northern States Power Company-Minnesota; Xcel Energy; Monticello Nuclear Generating Plant, Unit 1: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is considering an application for the subsequent license renewal of Renewed Facility Operating License No. DPR-22, which authorizes Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation (NSPM or the applicant), doing business as Xcel Energy, to operate Monticello Nuclear Generating Plant (MNGP), Unit 1. The subsequent renewed license would authorize the applicant to operate MNGP for an additional 20 years beyond the period specified in the current license. The current operating license for MNGP expires September 8, 2030. 
Meeting of the Regional Resource Stewardship Council: 
The TVA Regional Resource Stewardship Council (RRSC) will hold a meeting on March 27 and 28, 2023, regarding TVA's natural resources and stewardship matters in the Tennessee Valley. 
Air Plan Approval; New Mexico; Excess Emissions: 
Pursuant to the Federal Clean Air Act (CAA, the Act), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is approving a State Implementation Plan (SIP) revision submitted by the New Mexico Environment Department (NMED) on October 13, 2016. The revision was submitted in response to a finding of substantial inadequacy and SIP call as published by EPA on June 12, 2015, concerning excess emissions during periods of startup, shutdown, and malfunction (SSM) events. EPA is approving the SIP revision and finds that such revision corrects the inadequacies identified in New Mexico's SIP in the June 12, 2015 SIP call. 
Clean Air Plans; 2015 8-Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area Requirements; Clean Fuels for Fleets; California: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is proposing to approve revisions to the California State Implementation Plan (SIP) concerning the provisions for Clean Fuels for Fleets (CFF) for the 2015 ozone national ambient air quality standards (``2015 ozone NAAQS'') in the Riverside County (Coachella Valley), Sacramento Metro, San Joaquin Valley, Los Angeles--South Coast Air Basin (South Coast), Ventura County, and Los Angeles--San Bernardino Counties (West Mojave Desert) nonattainment areas (NAAs). The SIP revisions include the ``California Clean Fuels for Fleets Certification for the 70 ppb Ozone Standard'' (``Clean Fuels for Fleets Certification'') submitted on February 3, 2022. We are proposing to approve these revisions under the Clean Air Act (CAA or ``the Act''), which establishes clean fuels for fleets requirements for ``Serious,'' ``Severe,'' and ``Extreme'' ozone NAAs. 
Air Plan Approval; Tennessee; Domtar Paper Company, LLC Nitrogen Oxides SIP Call Alternative Monitoring: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is proposing to conditionally approve a source-specific State Implementation Plan (SIP) revision submitted by the State of Tennessee, through the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC), through a letter dated January 20, 2022, which would establish alternative monitoring, recordkeeping, and reporting requirements under the Nitrogen Oxides (NO<INF>X</INF>) SIP Call. 
Clean Air Act Operating Permit; Apache County, Arizona; Petition for Objection to State Operating Permit for Springerville Generating Station: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator signed an Order, dated January 19, 2023, denying the petition to object to a Clean Air Act (CAA) title V operating permit issued to the Tuscon Electric Power Company Springerville Generating Station located in Apache County, Arizona. The Order responds to a June 20, 2022 petition submitted by the Sierra Club and the National Parks Conservation Association (the ``Petitioners'') requesting that the EPA object to the final operating permit No. 65614 issued by the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ). The Order constitutes a final action on the petition addressed therein. 
Proposed CERCLA Cost Recovery Settlement for the JJW Metal Recycling Fire Superfund Site, Located at 756 Los Colobos Street, Carolina, Puerto Rico: 
In accordance with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (``CERCLA''), notice is hereby given by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (``EPA''), Region 2, of a proposed cost recovery settlement agreement (``Settlement'') pursuant to CERCLA with Cidra Excavation, LLC (``Settling Party'') for the JJW Metal Recycling Fire Superfund Site (``Site''), located at 756 Los Colobos Street, Carolina, Puerto Rico. 
Revision of Approved State Primacy Program for the State of Nevada: 
Notice is hereby given that the State of Nevada revised its approved State primacy program under the Federal Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) by adopting regulations that effectuate the Federal Radionuclides Rule. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has determined that Nevada's revision request meets the applicable SDWA program revision requirements and the regulations adopted by Nevada are no less stringent than the corresponding Federal regulations. Therefore, EPA approves this revision to Nevada's approved State primacy program. However, this determination on Nevada's request for approval of a program revision shall take effect in accordance with the procedures described below in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section of this notice after the opportunity to request a public hearing. 
Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 50 Feet Length Overall Using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska: 
NMFS is prohibiting directed fishing for Pacific cod by for catcher vessels less than 50 feet (15.2 meters (m)) length overall using hook-and-line (HAL) gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska (GOA). This action is necessary to prevent exceeding the A season allowance of the 2023 total allowable catch (TAC) apportioned to catcher vessels less than 50 feet length overall using HAL gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the GOA. 
Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Framework Adjustment 36 to the Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery Management Plan: 
NMFS proposes to approve and implement Framework Adjustment 36 to the Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery Management Plan that establishes scallop specifications and other management measures for fishing years 2023 and 2024. Framework 36 would implement measures to protect small scallops to support rotational access area trips to the fleet in future years. This action would also revise regulatory text that is unnecessary, outdated, or unclear. This action is necessary to prevent overfishing and improve both yield-per-recruit and the overall management of the Atlantic sea scallop resource. 
Pacific Halibut Fisheries of the West Coast; 2023 Catch Sharing Plan and Recreational Management Measures: 
NMFS proposes to approve changes to the Pacific Halibut Catch Sharing Plan for the International Pacific Halibut Commission's regulatory Area 2A off of Washington, Oregon, and California. In addition, NMFS proposes to implement management measures governing the 2023 recreational fisheries that are not implemented through the International Pacific Halibut Commission. These measures include the recreational fishery seasons, subarea allocations, and management measures for Area 2A. These actions are intended to conserve Pacific halibut and provide angler opportunity where available. 
Procurement List; Additions and Deletions: 
This action deletes product(s) and service(s) from the Procurement List that were furnished by nonprofit agencies employing persons who are blind or have other severe disabilities. 
Procurement List; Proposed Additions and Deletions: 
The Committee is proposing to add service(s) to the Procurement List that will be furnished by nonprofit agencies employing persons who are blind or have other severe disabilities, and deletes product(s) and service(s) previously furnished by such agencies. 
Candidate Salaries: 
The Commission is announcing a hybrid public hearing on proposed changes to regulations regarding the use of campaign funds by a candidate's principal campaign committee to pay compensation to the candidate. 
New Postal Products: 
The Commission is noticing a recent Postal Service filing for the Commission's consideration concerning a negotiated service agreement. This notice informs the public of the filing, invites public comment, and takes other administrative steps. 
Notice of Meeting: 
The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) announces a Special Emphasis Panel (SEP) meeting on ``AHRQ National Research Service Award Institutional Research Training Grant (T32) (RFA-HS-22-001)''. This SEP meeting will be closed to the public. 
Meeting of the Community Preventive Services Task Force (CPSTF): 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the next meeting of the Community Preventive Services Task Force (CPSTF) on April 19-20, 2023. 
Medicare and Medicaid Programs: Application From the Joint Commission (TJC) for Continued CMS Approval of Its Critical Access Hospital (CAH) Accreditation Program: 
This notice acknowledges the receipt of an application from the Joint Commission for continued recognition as a national accrediting organization for critical access hospitals that wish to participate in the Medicare or Medicaid programs. 
Submission for Office of Management and Budget Review; Next Generation of Enhanced Employment Strategies Project (OMB #0970-0545): 
The Office of Planning, Research, and Evaluation (OPRE) within the Administration for Children and Families (ACF) is proposing an extension to the data collection activities conducted for the Next Generation of Enhanced Employment Strategies (NextGen) Project (Office of Management and Budget (OMB) #0970-0545). The project is rigorously evaluating innovative interventions to promote employment and economic security among low-income individuals with complex challenges. The project includes an experimental impact study, descriptive study, and cost study. This extension will allow additional time to conduct study intake, collect data from NextGen programs and staff, and conduct participant data collections. No changes are proposed to the data collection instruments. 
Possession, Use, and Transfer of Select Agents and Toxins-Addition of SARS-CoV/SARS-CoV-2 Chimeric Viruses Resulting From Any Deliberate Manipulation of SARS-CoV-2 To Incorporate Nucleic Acids Coding for SARS-CoV Virulence Factors to the HHS List of Select Agents and Toxins: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) located within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) has amended the select agents and toxins regulations to add SARS-CoV/SARS-CoV-2 chimeric viruses resulting from any deliberate manipulation of SARS- CoV-2 to incorporate nucleic acids coding for SARS-CoV virulence factors to the list of HHS select agents and toxins. With this final rule, regulated entities are required to obtain prior approval from CDC to conduct deliberate manipulation of SARS-CoV-2 to incorporate nucleic acids coding for SARS-CoV virulence factors because these chimeric viruses have the potential to pose a severe threat to public health and safety. 
Prospective Grant of an Exclusive Patent License: The Development of a CD276 Antibody-Drug Conjugate (ADC) for the Treatment of Solid Tumors: 
The National Cancer Institute, an institute of the National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services, is contemplating the grant of an Exclusive Patent License to practice the inventions embodied in the Patents and Patent Applications listed in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section of this notice to BrickBio, Inc. (``BrickBio'') located in Woburn, Massachusetts. 
Advisory Committee on Veterans' Employment, Training and Employer Outreach (ACVETEO); Meeting: 
This notice sets forth the schedule and proposed agenda of a forthcoming meeting of the ACVETEO. The ACVETEO will discuss the DOL core programs and services that assist veterans seeking employment and raise employer awareness as to the advantages of hiring veterans. There will be an opportunity for individuals or organizations to address the committee. Any individual or organization that wishes to do so should contact Mr. Gregory Green at ACVETEO@dol.gov. Additional information regarding the Committee, including its charter, current membership list, annual reports, meeting minutes, and meeting updates may be found at https://www.dol.gov/agencies/vets/about/advisorycommittee. This notice also describes the functions of the ACVETEO. Notice of this meeting is required under Section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. This document is intended to notify the general public. 
Safety Zones in Reentry Sites; Panama City, Pensacola, and Tallahassee, Florida: 
The Coast Guard is establishing three temporary safety zones for the safe splashdown and recovery of reentry vehicles launched by Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (SpaceX) in support of National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) missions. The temporary safety zones are located within the Coast Guard Sector Mobile area of responsibility (AOR) offshore of Panama City, Pensacola, and Tallahassee, Florida. This rule prohibits U.S.-flagged vessels from entering any of the temporary safety zones unless authorized by the Commanding Officer of Coast Guard Sector Mobile or a designated representative. Foreign-flagged vessels are encouraged to remain outside the safety zones. This action is necessary to protect vessels and waterway users from the potential hazards created by reentry vehicle splashdowns and recovery operations in the U.S. Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). It is also necessary to ensure the safe recovery of reentry vehicles, and any personnel involved in reentry services, after the splashdown. We received no public comments. 
Notice of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Cybersecurity Advisory Committee Meeting: 
CISA is publishing this notice to announce the CISA Cybersecurity Advisory Committee (CSAC) Quarterly Meeting will meet virtually on Tuesday, March 21, 2023. This meeting will be partially closed to the public. Members of the public may join the public portion of the meeting by teleconference. 
Certain Cut-to-Length Carbon-Quality Steel Plate From the Republic of Korea: Preliminary Results and Preliminary Intent To Rescind, in Part, the Countervailing Duty Administrative Review; 2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that certain exporters/producers of certain cut-to-length plate (CTL plate) from the Republic of Korea (Korea) received countervailable subsidies during the period of review (POR), January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021. We invite interested parties to comment on these preliminary results. 
Certain Freight Rail Couplers and Parts Thereof From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Affirmative Countervailing Duty Determination and Preliminary Affirmative Critical Circumstances Determination: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that countervailable subsidies are being provided to producers and exporters of certain freight rail couplers and parts thereof (freight rail couplers) From the People's Republic of China (China) during the period of investigation January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021. 
Certain Frozen Warmwater Shrimp From India: Preliminary Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2021-2022: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that certain frozen warmwater shrimp (shrimp) from India is being, or is likely to be, sold in the United States at less than normal value (NV) during the period of review (POR) February 1, 2021, through January 31, 2022. 
Certain Walk-Behind Lawn Mowers and Parts Thereof From the People's Republic of China: Notice of Intent To Rescind Circumvention Inquiry on the Antidumping and Countervailing Duty Orders: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) notifies interested parties that it intends to rescind a circumvention inquiry to determine whether certain lawn mowers assembled or completed in the United States by attaching Chinese cutting deck shells (attached to at least one significant non-engine component) to internal combustion engines are circumventing the antidumping duty (AD) and countervailing duty (CVD) orders on certain walk-behind lawn mowers and parts thereof (lawn mowers) from the People's Republic of China (China). Interested parties are invited to comment on this intent to rescind. 
Truck and Bus Tires From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results of Countervailing Duty Administrative Review, Rescission of Review in Part, and Intent To Rescind in Part; 2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that certain exporters/producers of truck and bus tires from the People's Republic of China (China) received countervailable subsidies during the period of review (POR) from January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021. In addition, we are rescinding the review with respect to 12 companies and announcing our preliminary intent to rescind this review with respect to three other companies. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Utility Scale Wind Towers From the Republic of Korea: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that utility scale wind towers (wind towers) from the Republic of Korea (Korea) were sold in the United States at less than normal value during the period of review (POR) February 14, 2020, through July 31, 2021. 
Meeting of the United States Travel and Tourism Advisory Board: 
The United States Travel and Tourism Advisory Board (Board or TTAB) will hold a meeting on Monday, March 20, 2023. The Board advises the Secretary of Commerce on matters relating to the U.S. travel and tourism industry. This will be the first meeting of the 2023-2024 term of the TTAB. The main purpose of this introductory meeting is for Board members to discuss the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the travel and tourism industry. The final agenda will be posted on the Department of Commerce website for the Board at https://www.trade.gov/ttab- meetings at least two days prior to the meeting. 
Certain Cabinet X-Ray and Optical Camera Systems and Components Thereof; Notice of a Commission Determination Not To Review an Initial Determination Terminating the Investigation Based on Consent Order Stipulations; Issuance of Consent Orders; Termination of the Investigation: 
Notice is hereby given that the U.S. International Trade Commission has determined not to review an initial determination (``ID'') (Order No. 4) of the presiding Chief Administrative Law Judge (``CALJ'') terminating the investigation based on consent order stipulations. The Commission has entered consent orders against respondents CompAI Healthcare (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., CompAI Healthcare (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., Kangpai Medical Technology (Changchun) Co., Ltd., Kangpai (Beijing) Medical Equipment Co., Ltd., and Dilon Technologies, Inc. The investigation is terminated. 
Certain Semiconductors and Devices and Products Containing the Same, Including Printed Circuit Boards, Automotive Parts, and Automobiles; Notice of a Commission Determination Not To Review an Initial Determination Terminating the Investigation in Its Entirety Based on Withdrawal of the Complaint: 
Notice is hereby given that the U.S. International Trade Commission has determined not to review the presiding administrative law judge's (``ALJ'') initial determination (``ID'') (Order No. 16), granting complainant's motion to terminate the investigation based on withdrawal of the complaint as to all respondents. The investigation is terminated in its entirety. 
Certain Silicon Photovoltaic Cells and Modules With Nanostructures, and Products Containing the Same; Notice of Commission Determination To Review in Part and, on Review, To Affirm a Final Initial Determination Finding No Violation; Termination of the Investigation: 
Notice is hereby given that, on September 1, 2022, the presiding chief administrative law judge (``CALJ'') issued a combined final initial determination (``ID'') on violation and recommended determination (``RD'') on remedy and bonding. The final ID finds no violation of section 337 in the above-captioned investigation. The Commission has determined to review the final ID in part and, on review, affirm the final ID's finding of no violation. The investigation is terminated. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain Airbus SAS Model A350-941 and -1041 airplanes. This AD was prompted by an in-service inspection that found overhead storage compartment (OHSC) crash rods that were disconnected. This AD requires a one-time detailed inspection of the OHSC crash rods and, depending on findings, corrective actions, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain Bombardier, Inc., Model BD-700-2A12 airplanes. This AD was prompted by report that the passenger door functional test engineering requirements (FTERs) were not fully accomplished on several airplanes. This AD requires measuring the passenger door steps, passenger door gaps, and passenger door stops rigging, and re-adjusting the door if necessary. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Embraer S.A. (Type Certificate Previously Held by Yabor Indstria Aeronutica S.A.; Embraer S.A.) Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain Embraer S.A. Model ERJ 170 airplanes. This AD was prompted by a report of uncommanded setting of the barometric reference in both primary flight displays (PFDs) due to the architecture of data communication of the Control I/O modules, which interconnect the display controllers to the air data system. This AD requires installing updated Primus EPIC software, as specified in an Ag[ecirc]ncia Nacional de Avia[ccedil][atilde]o Civil (ANAC) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Embraer S.A. (Type Certificate Previously Held by Yabor Indstria Aeronutica S.A.; Embraer S.A.) Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain Embraer S.A. Model ERJ 190-300 airplanes. This AD was prompted by failed lockwires on the attachment of the left-hand main landing gear (MLG) trunnion bearing to spar 2. This AD requires inspecting for damage of the left- and right-hand MLG trunnion bearing attaching parts, replacing damaged parts, and modifying the MLG trunnion bearing attaching parts, as specified in an Ag[ecirc]ncia Nacional de Avia[ccedil][atilde]o Civil (ANAC) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for all Fokker Services B.V. Model F28 Mark 0070 and 0100 airplanes. This AD was prompted by reports of cracks at the upper and lower fastener holes of a repair plate in the stubwing, which had been applied to repair heat damage. This AD requires a one-time inspection of the fuselage skin in the stubwing bay area to determine if a heat damage repair plate is installed, an inspection of repaired areas for cracking, and applicable corrective actions, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Gulfstream Aerospace LP Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for all Gulfstream Aerospace LP Model Gulfstream G280 airplanes. This AD was prompted by a determination that the existing wet runway performance tables in the airplane flight manual (AFM) may not provide an acceptable level of safety. This AD requires revising the existing AFM to incorporate new wet runway performance tables, as specified in a Civil Aviation Authority of Israel (CAAI) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Special Conditions: Airbus SAS A320-200 Series Model A320-251N, -252N, -253N, -271N, -272N, -273N Airplanes and A321-200 Series Model A321-251NX, -252NX, -253NX, -271NX, -272NX Airplanes; Flight Attendant Seat Mounted on Movable Interior Structure: 
These special conditions are issued for the Airbus SAS (Airbus) A320-200 Series Model -251N, -252N, -253N, -271N, -272N, -273N (known as A320neo) airplanes and A321-200 Series Model -251NX, -252NX, -253NX, -271NX, -272NX (known as A321neo) airplanes. The airplanes have a novel or unusual design feature when compared to the state of technology envisioned in the airworthiness standards for transport category airplanes. This design feature is flight attendant seats mounted on movable lavatory doors. The applicable airworthiness regulations do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards for this design feature. These special conditions contain the additional safety standards that the Administrator considers necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by the existing airworthiness standards. 
Airworthiness Directives; MHI RJ Aviation ULC (Type Certificate Previously Held by Bombardier, Inc.) Airplanes: 
The FAA proposes to adopt a new airworthiness directive (AD) for all MHI RJ Aviation ULC Model CL-600-2C10 (Regional Jet Series 700, 701 & 702), CL-600-2C11 (Regional Jet Series 550), CL-600-2D15 (Regional Jet Series 705), CL-600-2D24 (Regional Jet Series 900), and CL-600-2E25 (Regional Jet Series 1000) airplanes. This proposed AD was prompted by a determination that new restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This proposed AD would require revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations. The FAA is proposing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Hours of Service of Drivers: John Olier; Application for Exemption: 
FMCSA announces that John Olier requests an exemption from the 11-, 14-, and 70-hour hours of service (HOS) regulations along with all ``mandatory break'' periods which would include the 10-hour and 30- minute break requirements. The applicant requests a permanent exemption for himself and believes that his safe driving record and experience demonstrate an equivalent level of safety. FMCSA requests public comment on the applicant's request for exemption. 
Parts and Accessories Necessary for Safe Operation; Exemption Application From Waymo LLC, and Aurora Operations, Inc.: 
FMCSA announces that it has received an application from Waymo LLC, and Aurora Operations, Inc. (Waymo/Aurora) for a 5-year exemption from the required placement of warning devices around stopped commercial motor vehicles (CMVs); the requirement that lamps for warning devices be steady-burning; and the utilization of a warning device for stopped vehicles not currently allowed by Agency rules. The exemption sought would allow Waymo and Aurora to operate CMVs operated by a Level 4 automated driving system (ADS) equipped with warning beacons mounted on the truck cab in lieu of traditional warning devices placed around a stopped autonomous CMV, as required by current regulations. FMCSA requests public comment on the applicant's request for exemption. 
Qualification of Drivers; Exemption Applications; Epilepsy and Seizure Disorders: 
FMCSA announces its decision to renew exemptions for eight individuals from the requirement in the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations (FMCSRs) that interstate commercial motor vehicle (CMV) drivers have ``no established medical history or clinical diagnosis of epilepsy or any other condition which is likely to cause loss of consciousness or any loss of ability to control a CMV.'' The exemptions enable these individuals who have had one or more seizures and are taking anti-seizure medication to continue to operate CMVs in interstate commerce. 
Qualification of Drivers; Exemption Applications; Hearing: 
FMCSA announces its decision to exempt 10 individuals from the hearing requirement in the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations (FMCSRs) to operate a commercial motor vehicle (CMV) in interstate commerce. The exemptions enable these hard of hearing and deaf individuals to operate CMVs in interstate commerce. 
Safety Advisory 2023-01; Evaluation of Policies and Procedures Related to the Use and Maintenance of Hot Bearing Wayside Detectors: 
Preliminary investigation of recent train derailments indicates the cause of, or contributing factor to, the incidents was a mechanical failure, specifically burnt journal bearings. Accordingly, FRA is issuing this Safety Advisory to make recommendations to enhance the mechanical reliability of rolling stock and the safety of railroad operations. This Safety Advisory recommends that railroads: evaluate the thresholds for inspections based on hot bearing detector (HBD) data; consider the use of real-time trend analyses of HBD data as a criterion for inspection; ensure the proper training and qualification of personnel responsible for the calibration, inspection, and maintenance of HBDs; ensure proper inspection of rolling stock with HBD alerts; and improve the safety culture of their organization, particularly as it pertains to operational decisions based on HBD data. 
National Transit Database: Reporting Changes and Clarifications: 
This Notice finalizes and responds to comments on proposed changes to the National Transit Database (NTD) reporting requirements published in the Federal Register on July 7, 2022. 
Buy America Request for Information; Federal Ship Financing Program: 
MARAD, a modal agency of DOT, administers the Federal Ship Financing Program (``Title XI''), which provides loan guarantees to finance the construction of commercial vessels in U.S. shipyards or shipyard projects. Although Title XI provides important support for U.S. shipyards, the U.S. maritime industry in general, including the shipbuilding sector, has been on the decline for decades. As a result, U.S. shipyards frequently turn to foreign manufacturers for a variety of components that are not made in the U.S. This RFI is intended to gather information regarding the availability of domestically manufactured components for commercial shipbuilding in the U.S., particularly considering the investment planned in commercial shipbuilding for support of offshore windfarm facilities by MARAD through loan guarantees from the Title XI program. MARAD is seeking input from the public, including stakeholders (such as State and local agencies, the marine component manufacturing industry, component suppliers, labor unions, related associations, ship operators, and transportation advocates), on the availability of ship components manufactured in the U.S. that can meet the Title XI domestic content requirement. 
Hazardous Materials: Adoption of Miscellaneous Petitions and Updating Regulatory Requirements: 
PHMSA proposes amendments to the Hazardous Materials Regulations (HMR) to update, clarify, improve the safety of, or streamline various regulatory requirements. Specifically, this rulemaking responds to 18 petitions for rulemaking submitted by the regulated community between May 2018 and October 2020 that requests PHMSA address a variety of provisions, including but not limited to those addressing packaging, hazard communication, and the incorporation by reference of certain documents. These proposed revisions maintain or enhance the existing high level of safety under the HMR while providing clarity and appropriate regulatory flexibility in the transport of hazardous materials. 
Airline Ticket Refunds and Consumer Protections; Public Hearing: 
DOT is announcing a virtual public hearing pursuant on certain issues related to the U.S. Department of Transportation's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on Airline Ticket Refunds and Consumer Protections. 
Enhancing Transparency of Airline Ancillary Service Fees: 
This Notice announces a virtual public hearing on certain issues related to the U.S. Department of Transportation's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on Enhancing Transparency of Airline Ancillary Service Fees. 
Publication of Russian Harmful Foreign Activities Sanctions Regulations Web General Licenses 56A and 57A: 
The Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) is publishing two general licenses (GLs) issued pursuant to the Russian Harmful Foreign Activities Sanctions Regulations: GLs 56A and 57A, which were previously made available on OFAC's website. 
Privacy Act of 1974; Matching Program: 
This computer matching agreement sets forth the terms, conditions, and safeguards under which the Social Security Administration (SSA) will disclose tax return information to the Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration (VA/ VHA). VA/VHA will use the tax return information to verify veterans' employment status and earnings to determine eligibility for its health benefit programs. 
Notice of Intent To Grant an Exclusive, Co-Exclusive or Partially Exclusive Patent License: 
NASA hereby gives notice of its intent to grant an exclusive, co-exclusive or partially exclusive patent license to practice the inventions described and claimed in the patents and/or patent applications listed in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION below. 
Request for Nominations for the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Commission: 
The National Park Service (NPS), U.S. Department of the Interior, is requesting nominations for qualified persons to serve as members of the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Commission (Commission). 
Safety Standard for Non-Full-Size Baby Cribs: 
In December 2010, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC or Commission) published a consumer product safety standard for non-full-size baby cribs (NFS cribs) pursuant to section 104 of the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (CPSIA). The Commission's mandatory standard incorporated by reference the ASTM voluntary standard that was in effect for NFS cribs at the time, with modifications to make the standard more stringent, to further reduce the risk of injury associated with NFS cribs, and to exclude sections of the ASTM voluntary standard inapplicable to NFS cribs. The CPSIA sets forth a process for updating mandatory standards for durable infant or toddler products that are based on a voluntary standard, when a voluntary standards organization revises the standard. In November 2022, ASTM published a revised voluntary standard for NFS cribs, and it notified the Commission of this revised standard in December 2022. This direct final rule updates the mandatory standard for NFS cribs to incorporate by reference ASTM's 2022 version of the voluntary standard for NFS cribs. 
Television Broadcasting Services Yuma, Arizona: 
On December 12, 2022, the Media Bureau, Video Division (Bureau) issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) in response to a petition for rulemaking filed by Gray Television Licensee, LLC (Petitioner or Gray), which holds a construction permit for channel 11 at Yuma, Arizona as the winning bidder in Auction 112. Gray requests the substitution of channel 27 for channel 11 at Yuma in the Table of TV Allotments. For the reasons set forth in the Report and Order referenced below, the Bureau amends FCC regulations to substitute channel 27 for channel 11 at Yuma. 
Television Broadcasting Services Coos Bay, Oregon: 
The Commission has before it a petition for rulemaking filed by Sinclair Eugene License, LLC (Petitioner), the licensee of KCBY-TV, channel 11, Coos Bay, Oregon. The Petitioner requests the substitution of channel 34 for channel 11 at Coos Bay in the Table of Allotments. 
Additions and Revisions of Entities to the Entity List: 
The Bureau of Industry and Security is amending the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) by adding 37 entities under 38 entries to the Entity List. These entities are listed under the destinations of Belarus (1), Burma (3), the People's Republic of China (China) (28), Pakistan (4), Russia (1), and Taiwan (1). Some entities are added under multiple entries, accounting for the difference in the totals. This final rule also modifies 10 existing entries on the Entity List under the destination of China. 
Manual of Regulations and Procedures for Federal Radio Frequency Management: 
The National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) is making certain changes to its regulations relating to the public availability of the Manual of Regulations and Procedures for Federal Radio Frequency Management (NTIA Manual). NTIA has the authority, delegated by the president, to assign frequencies to radio stations or classes of radio stations belonging to and operated by the United States. NTIA's manual reflects this authority and provides for the coordination of Executive branch agencies' spectrum management and coordination. Specifically, NTIA is releasing a new edition of the NTIA Manual, with which Federal agencies must comply when requesting use of radio frequency spectrum. 
Shortening the Securities Transaction Settlement Cycle: 
The Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'') is adopting rule amendments to shorten the standard settlement cycle for most broker-dealer transactions from two business days after the trade date (``T+2'') to one business day after the trade date (``T+1''). In addition, the Commission is adopting new rules related to the processing of institutional trades by broker-dealers and certain clearing agencies. The Commission is also amending certain recordkeeping requirements applicable to registered investment advisers. 
Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Air Cleaners: 
This final rule establishes definitions, a test procedure, and sampling and representation requirements for air cleaners. Currently, air cleaners are not subject to U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) test procedures or energy conservation standards. DOE is establishing a test procedure for measuring the integrated energy factor of air cleaners. The test method references the relevant industry standard, with certain modifications. 
Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection for the Weatherization Assistance Program; Correction: 
On October 26, 2022, the Department of Energy (DOE), published a 30-day notice in the Federal Register that announced intent to extend for three years a currently approved collection of information with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). This document makes a correction to that notice. 
Environmental Management Site-Specific Advisory Board, Paducah: 
On February 17, 2023, the Department of Energy published a notice of open meeting announcing a meeting on March 16, 2023, of the Environmental Management Site-Specific Advisory Board, Paducah. This notice announces the cancellation of this meeting. 
National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee: 
This notice announces an open meeting of the National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee (NQIAC). The Federal Advisory Committee Act requires that public notice of these meetings be announced in the Federal Register. 
Notice of Availability of National Transmission Needs Study and Request for Comment: 
The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) gives notice of availability of the draft National Transmission Needs Study for public review and comment. 
Preparing a Future Workforce in Quantum Information Science: 
The rapidly emerging field of Quantum Information Science (QIS) has the potential to produce innovations in quantum computing, simulation, communication, sensing and other technologies which are critical to our nation's future economic and national security. As a new and strongly technology-oriented field, QIS requires a well-trained workforce to fill positions ranging from research and development to design and manufacturing. The Office of Science in the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) invites input from higher education institutions on approaches needed to prepare students for careers related to QIS, including identification of opportunities where DOE's network of national laboratories could assist in training the future scientific and technological QIS workforce. Higher education institutions, including public and private universities, Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), Minority Serving Institutions, community colleges, and emerging research institutions (defined as ``an institution of higher education with an established undergraduate or graduate program that has less than $50,000,000 in Federal research expenditures'' [CHIPS and Science Act]), are especially encouraged to provide input. 
American Society of Mechanical Engineers Code Cases and Update Frequency: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is proposing to amend its regulations to incorporate by reference proposed revisions of three regulatory guides, which would approve new, revised, and reaffirmed code cases published by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. This proposed action would allow nuclear power plant licensees and applicants for construction permits, operating licenses, combined licenses, standard design certifications, standard design approvals, and manufacturing licenses to use the code cases listed in these draft regulatory guides as voluntary alternatives to engineering standards for the construction, inservice inspection, and inservice testing of nuclear power plant components. The NRC is requesting comments on this proposed rule and on the draft versions of the three regulatory guides proposed to be incorporated by reference. The NRC also is making available a related draft regulatory guide that lists code cases that the NRC has not approved for use. This draft regulatory guide will not be incorporated by reference into the NRC's regulations. In addition, this rulemaking proposes to extend the time periods required for licensees to update their codes of record. 
Draft Regulatory Guide: Sizing of Large Lead-Acid Storage Batteries: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is issuing for public comment a draft regulatory guide (DG), DG-1418, ``Sizing of Large Lead-Acid Storage Batteries.'' This DG is proposed Revision 2 of Regulatory Guide (RG) 1.212 of the same name. DG-1418 describes an approach that is acceptable to the NRC staff to meet regulatory requirements for sizing of large lead-acid storage batteries for production and utilization facilities. It endorses, with clarifications, the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE) Standard 485-2020, ``IEEE Recommended Practice for Sizing Lead- Acid Batteries for Stationary Applications.'' 
NRC Bulletin 2012-01: Design Vulnerability in Electric Power System: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is issuing this notice to inform all holders of operating licenses and combined licenses for nuclear power reactors of the closure of ``NRC Bulletin 2012-01: Design Vulnerability in Electric Power System'' (Bulletin). NRC has completed evaluations and inspections of the responses and other actions taken by the licensees of the nuclear power plants in response to NRC Bulletin 2012-01. The staff has approved the actions to be taken by the licensee for Vogtle Units 3 and 4 following commencement of operations and will inspect these actions under the Reactor Oversight Process. The NRC staff concludes that any potential adverse impact on nuclear plant safety due to an open phase condition (OPC) in the plant offsite power system has been adequately addressed by the licensees. 
Air Plan Approval; California; Ventura County Air Pollution Control District: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is taking final action to approve a revision to the Ventura County Air Pollution Control District (VCAPCD) portion of the California State Implementation Plan (SIP). This revision concerns emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) from architectural coating operations. We are approving a local rule to regulate these emission sources under the Clean Air Act (CAA or the Act). Approval of the local rule as part of the California SIP makes it federally enforceable. 
National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Coal- and Oil-Fired Electric Utility Steam Generating Units-Revocation of the 2020 Reconsideration and Affirmation of the Appropriate and Necessary Supplemental Finding: 
After consideration of public comments, the EPA is revoking a May 22, 2020 finding that it is not appropriate and necessary to regulate coal- and oil-fired electric utility steam generating units (EGUs) under Clean Air Act (CAA) section 112, and concluding, as it did in its April 25, 2016 finding, that it remains appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutant (HAP) emissions from EGUs after considering cost. 
Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances (21-3.5e): 
EPA is issuing significant new use rules (SNURs) under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) for chemical substances that were the subject of premanufacture notices (PMNs). The SNURs require persons who intend to manufacture (defined by statute to include import) or process any of these chemical substances for an activity that is designated as a significant new use by this rule to notify EPA at least 90 days before commencing that activity. The required notification initiates EPA's evaluation of the use, under the conditions of use for that chemical substance, within the applicable review period. Persons may not commence manufacture or processing for the significant new use until EPA has conducted a review of the notice, made an appropriate determination on the notice, and has taken such actions as are required by that determination. 
Air Plan Approval; Oklahoma; Updates to the State Implementation Plan Incorporation by Reference Provisions: 
Pursuant to the Federal Clean Air Act (CAA or the Act), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is proposing to approve revisions to the Oklahoma State Implementation Plan (SIP) submitted by the State of Oklahoma designee on December 17, 2021, and January 30, 2023. This action addresses the submittal of revisions to the Oklahoma SIP to update the incorporation by reference provision of Federal requirements under Oklahoma Administrative Code (OAC). 
Air Plan Approval; Texas; New Source Review Updates for Project Emissions Accounting: 
Pursuant to the Federal Clean Air Act (CAA or the Act), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is proposing to approve portions of a revision to the Texas State Implementation Plan (SIP) submitted by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) on July 9, 2021. The revision includes updates to the Texas Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) and Nonattainment New Source Review (NNSR) permitting programs to incorporate recent Federal New Source Review (NSR) regulations for Project Emissions Accounting (PEA). 
Request From States for Removal of Gasoline Volatility Waiver: 
Pursuant to provisions specified by the Clean Air Act (CAA), governors of eight states submitted petitions requesting that EPA remove the 1-pound per square inch (psi) Reid vapor pressure (RVP) waiver for summer gasoline-ethanol blended fuels containing 10 percent ethanol (E10). This action acts on those requests from the Governors of Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin by proposing to remove the 1-psi waiver. EPA also received multiple petitions from stakeholders requesting an extension of the effective date to the summer of 2024. This action proposes to delay the effective date for one year consistent with statutory provisions. Thus, we propose an effective date for all states of April 28, 2024. This action also proposes a regulatory process by which a state may request to reinstate the 1-psi waiver. 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Initiation of 5-Year Reviews of Two Northeastern Species: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, are initiating 5-year reviews under the Endangered Species Act, as amended, for two northeastern species. A 5-year review is based on the best scientific and commercial data available at the time of the review. We are requesting submission of any such information that has become available since the previous 5-year review for each species. 
Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Bluefin Tuna (BFT) General Category Restricted-Fishing Days (RFDs): 
NMFS is proposing to set Atlantic BFT General category RFDs for parts of the 2023 and 2024 fishing years. Specifically, when the General category fishery is open, this proposed rule would set RFDs for every Tuesday, Friday, and Saturday from July 1, 2023 through November 30, 2023 and every Tuesday and Friday from December 1, 2023 through March 31, 2024. On an RFD, Atlantic Tunas General category permitted vessels may not fish for (including catch-and-release or tag-and- release fishing), possess, retain, land, or sell BFT. On an RFD, Highly Migratory Species (HMS) Charter/Headboat permitted vessels with a commercial sale endorsement also are subject to these restrictions that preclude fishing commercially for BFT under the General category restrictions and retention limits, but such vessels may still fish for, possess, retain, or land BFT when fishing recreationally under applicable HMS Angling category rules. 
New England Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The New England Fishery Management Council (Council) is scheduling a public meeting of its Habitat Advisory Panel via webinar to consider actions affecting New England fisheries in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ). Recommendations from this group will be brought to the full Council for formal consideration and action, if appropriate. 
New England Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The New England Fishery Management Council (Council) is scheduling a public meeting of its Habitat Committee to consider actions affecting New England fisheries in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ). This meeting will be held in-person with a webinar option. Recommendations from this group will be brought to the full Council for formal consideration and action, if appropriate. 
North Pacific Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The North Pacific Fishery Management Council (Council) Salmon Bycatch Committee will meet March 20, 2023 through March 21, 2023. 
Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Ferry Berth Improvements in Tongass Narrows in Ketchikan, Alaska: 
In accordance with the regulations implementing the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA), as amended, notification is hereby given that NMFS has issued a renewal IHA to the Alaska Department of Transportation and Public Facilities (ADOT) to incidentally harass marine mammals incidental to ferry berth improvements in Tongass Narrows in Ketchikan, Alaska. 
Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Marine Site Characterization Surveys in the New York Bight: 
In accordance with the regulations implementing the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) as amended, notification is hereby given that NMFS has issued an Incidental Harassment Authorization (IHA) to Bluepoint Wind, LLC (BPW) to incidentally harass marine mammals during marine site characterization surveys in coastal waters off of New York and New Jersey in the New York Bight, specifically within the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) Commercial Lease of Submerged Lands for Renewable Energy Development on the Outer Continental Shelf (Lease) Area OCS-A 0537 and associated export cable route (ECR) area. 
Low Income Taxpayer Clinic Grant Program; Availability of 2023 Supplemental Grant Application Package: 
This document contains a notice that the IRS has provided a supplemental grant opportunity in www.grants.gov for organizations interested in applying for a Low Income Taxpayer Clinic (LITC) matching supplemental grant. The budget and the period of performance for the supplemental grant will be July 1, 2023-December 31, 2023. The application period runs from March 7, 2023, through April 18, 2023. Due to the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, the LITC Program Office has more funding for fiscal year 2023, and the maximum amount of an award an organization can receive for year 2023 has been increased from $100,000 to $200,000. Organizations currently receiving an LITC grant for 2023 are also eligible for an increase in funding up to $200,000 (including any funds already awarded); however, those organizations do not need to apply in response to this notice and instead will be contacted directly by the LITC Program Office. For all other organizations applying for a supplemental grant for the remainder of 2023, the following process applies. 
Competitive Postal Products: 
The Commission initiates this advanced notice of proposed rulemaking to consider codifying regulations pertaining to the addition of Competitive negotiated service agreements to the Competitive product list. The Commission invites public comment. 
Announcement of the Advisory Panel on Outreach and Education (APOE) In-Person Meeting: 
This notice announces the next meeting of the APOE (the Panel) in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act. The Panel advises and makes recommendations to the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) (the Secretary) and the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) on opportunities to enhance the effectiveness of consumer education strategies concerning the Health Insurance Marketplace[supreg], Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP). This meeting is open to the public. 
Solicitation of Nominations for Membership To Serve on the Advisory Committee on Training in Primary Care Medicine and Dentistry: 
HRSA is seeking nominations of qualified candidates to consider for appointment as members of the Advisory Committee on Training in Primary Care Medicine and Dentistry (ACTPCMD or Committee). 
Safety Zone; South Fork Wind Farm Project Area, Outer Continental Shelf, Lease OCS-A 0517, Offshore Rhode Island, Atlantic Ocean: 
The Coast Guard is proposing to establish 13 temporary 500- meter safety zones around the construction of 12 wind turbine generators (WTGs) and one offshore substation (OSS) located in the South Fork Wind Farm (SFWF) project area within federal waters on the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS), specifically in the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) Renewable Energy Lease Area OCS-A 0517, approximately 16 nautical miles (NM) southeast of Block Island, Rhode Island, and 30 NM east of Montauk Point, New York. This action is necessary to provide for the safety of life, property, and the environment during the planned construction of each facility's monopile type foundation and subsequent installation of the WTGs turbines and OSS platform from May 1, 2023, to December 31, 2023. When enforced, only attending vessels and those vessels specifically authorized by the First Coast Guard District Commander, or a designated representative, are permitted to enter or remain in the safety zones. We invite your comments on this proposed rulemaking. 
National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee Meeting; March 2023 Meetings: 
The National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee (Committee) will conduct a series of meetings over 2 days in Portsmouth, Virginia to discuss matters relating to maritime collisions, rammings, and groundings; Inland Rules of the Road; International Rules of the Road; navigation regulations and equipment; routing measures; marine information; and aids to navigation systems. All meetings will be open to the public. 
Notice of Publication of Vessel Traffic Services National Standards for Operating COMDTINST 16630.3B: 
The Coast Guard announces the publication of the Vessel Traffic Services National Standards of Operating Commandant Instruction (COMDTINST) 16630.3B. This instruction replaces the Vessel Traffic Services National Standards of Operating Procedures COMDTINST M16630.3A. This instruction provides programmatic guidance to all Coast Guard Sectors and Vessel Traffic Services. 
Notice of Intent To Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement for Oregon: 
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), as the lead agency, announces its intent to prepare an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) for the implementation of the plan for National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP)--Endangered Species Act (ESA) Integration in Oregon. FEMA released a draft of this plan in October 2021. Notice is hereby given that the public scoping process has begun for the preparation of an EIS for the proposed action. The purpose of the scoping process is to solicit public comments regarding the range of issues, information, and analyses relevant to the proposed action, including potential environmental impacts and reasonable alternatives to address in the EIS. This notice also notifies the public that FEMA intends to host in-person and virtual public scoping meetings, host a web-based scoping room to provide additional information to the public, and solicit comments on potential issues, concerns, and reasonable alternatives that FEMA should consider. FEMA is preparing this EIS in compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969 and the NEPA regulations implemented by the Council on Environmental Quality as of the date of this Notice. 
Proposed Flood Hazard Determinations: 
Comments are requested on proposed flood hazard determinations, which may include additions or modifications of any Base Flood Elevation (BFE), base flood depth, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundary or zone designation, or regulatory floodway on the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and where applicable, in the supporting Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports for the communities listed in the table below. The purpose of this notice is to seek general information and comment regarding the preliminary FIRM, and where applicable, the FIS report that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided to the affected communities. The FIRM and FIS report are the basis of the floodplain management measures that the community is required either to adopt or to show evidence of having in effect in order to qualify or remain qualified for participation in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). 
Proposed Flood Hazard Determinations: 
Comments are requested on proposed flood hazard determinations, which may include additions or modifications of any Base Flood Elevation (BFE), base flood depth, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundary or zone designation, or regulatory floodway on the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and where applicable, in the supporting Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports for the communities listed in the table below. The purpose of this notice is to seek general information and comment regarding the preliminary FIRM, and where applicable, the FIS report that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided to the affected communities. The FIRM and FIS report are the basis of the floodplain management measures that the community is required either to adopt or to show evidence of having in effect in order to qualify or remain qualified for participation in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). 
Proposed Flood Hazard Determinations: 
Comments are requested on proposed flood hazard determinations, which may include additions or modifications of any Base Flood Elevation (BFE), base flood depth, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundary or zone designation, or regulatory floodway on the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and where applicable, in the supporting Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports for the communities listed in the table below. The purpose of this notice is to seek general information and comment regarding the preliminary FIRM, and where applicable, the FIS report that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided to the affected communities. The FIRM and FIS report are the basis of the floodplain management measures that the community is required either to adopt or to show evidence of having in effect in order to qualify or remain qualified for participation in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). 
Proposed Flood Hazard Determinations: 
Comments are requested on proposed flood hazard determinations, which may include additions or modifications of any Base Flood Elevation (BFE), base flood depth, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundary or zone designation, or regulatory floodway on the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and where applicable, in the supporting Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports for the communities listed in the table below. The purpose of this notice is to seek general information and comment regarding the preliminary FIRM, and where applicable, the FIS report that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided to the affected communities. The FIRM and FIS report are the basis of the floodplain management measures that the community is required either to adopt or to show evidence of having in effect in order to qualify or remain qualified for participation in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). 
Board on Coastal Engineering Research: 
The Department of the Army is publishing this notice to announce the following Federal advisory committee meeting of the Board on Coastal Engineering Research (BCER). This meeting is open to the public. 
Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of Brorphine in Schedule I: 
With the issuance of this final order, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration is permanently placing 1-(1-(1-(4- bromophenyl)ethyl)piperidin-4-yl)-1,3-dihydro-2H-benzo[d]imidazol-2-one (commonly known as brorphine), including its isomers, esters, ethers, salts, and salts of isomers, esters, and ethers whenever the existence of such isomers, esters, ethers, and salts is possible within the specific chemical designation, in schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act. This scheduling action discharges the United States' obligations under the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs (1961). This action continues to impose the regulatory controls and administrative, civil, and criminal sanctions applicable to schedule I controlled substances on persons who handle (manufacture, distribute, import, export, engage in research or conduct instructional activities with, or possess), or propose to handle brorphine. 
Certain Corrosion-Resistant Steel Products From Taiwan: Amended Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) is amending the final results of the administrative review of the antidumping duty order on certain corrosion-resistant steel products (CORE) from Taiwan to correct certain ministerial errors. The period of review is July 1, 2020, through June 30, 2021. 
Certain Hardwood Plywood Products From the People's Republic of China: Final Results of the Expedited First Sunset Review of the Countervailing Duty Order: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) finds that revocation of the countervailing duty (CVD) order on certain hardwood plywood products (hardwood plywood) from the People's Republic of China (China) would be likely to lead to the continuation or recurrence of countervailable subsidies at the levels indicated in the ``Final Results of Sunset Review'' section of this notice. 
Light-Walled Welded Rectangular Carbon Steel Tubing From Taiwan: Continuation of Antidumping Duty Order: 
As a result of the determinations by the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) that revocation of the antidumping duty (AD) order on light-walled welded rectangular carbon steel tubing (LWR tubing) from Taiwan would likely lead to a continuation or recurrence of dumping and material injury to an industry in the United States, Commerce is publishing a notice of continuation of the AD order on LWR tubing from Taiwan. 
Export Trade Certificate of Review: 
The Secretary of Commerce, through the Office of Trade and Economic Analysis (``OTEA''), issued an amended Export Trade Certificate of Review (``Certificate'') to ALCC on February 16, 2023. 
Visas: Procedures for Issuing Visas: 
The Department of State is updating its regulation regarding visa applicants' furnishing of signed photographs as required under Section 221(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. These updates reflect changes in technology, including the ability to upload digital photographs electronically as part of the online visa application process. 
Regional Meeting of the Binational Bridges and Border Crossings Group in Las Cruces, New Mexico: 
Delegates from the United States and Mexican governments, the states of New Mexico and Texas, and the Mexican states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo Laredo, and Tamaulipas will participate in a regional meeting of the U.S.-Mexico Binational Bridges and Border Crossings Group on Tuesday, March 28, 2023, in Las Cruces, New Mexico. The purpose of this meeting is to discuss operational matters involving existing and proposed international bridges and border crossings and their related infrastructure and to exchange technical information as well as views on policy. This meeting will include a public session on Tuesday, March 28, 2023 from 8:30 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. This session will allow proponents of proposed bridges and border crossings and related projects to make presentations to the delegations and members of the public. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2022-09- 11, which applied to certain Airbus SAS Model A350-941 and -1041 airplanes. AD 2022-09-11 required revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations. This AD was prompted by a determination that new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This AD continues to require the actions in AD 2022-09- 11 and requires revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2020-15- 20, which applied to certain Airbus SAS Model A350-941 and -1041 airplanes. AD 2020-15-20 required revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations. This AD was prompted by a determination that new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This AD continues to require the actions in AD 2020-15- 20 and requires revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate additional new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain Airbus SAS Model A350-941 and -1041 airplanes. This AD was prompted by a determination that the surface protection is missing between certain aluminum brackets and the struts to which they are attached in the flight deck air distribution system. This AD requires applying surface protection to the affected aluminum brackets and struts, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. This AD also prohibits modifying an airplane using certain service information. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2020-22- 16, AD 2021-16-01, and AD 2022-04-03, which applied to certain Airbus SAS Model A318, A320, and A321 series airplanes; and Model A319-111, - 112, -113, -114, -115, -131, -132, -133, -151N, and -153N airplanes. AD 2020-22-16, AD 2021-16-01, and AD 2022-04-03 required revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations. This AD was prompted by a determination that new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This AD continues to require the actions in AD 2020-22-16, AD 2021-16-01, and AD 2022-04-03, and also requires revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate additional new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference (IBR). The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Cirrus Design Corporation Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for all Cirrus Design Corporation (Cirrus) Model SF50 airplanes. This AD was prompted by reports of an accident and an incident due to uncommanded activation of the Cirrus Airframe Parachute System (CAPS) autopilot mode while in flight. This AD requires booting the avionics in configuration mode, inhibiting the CAPS autopilot, fabricating and installing information placards, revising the existing airplane flight manual (AFM) for your airplane, and revising the airworthiness limitations section (ALS) of the existing airplane maintenance manual (AMM) or Instructions for Continued Airworthiness (ICA) and your existing approved maintenance or inspection program, as applicable. For certain airplanes, this AD also requires modifying the wiring to remove the CAPS power timer functionality. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Establishment of Class E Airspace; Calvert, KY: 
This action proposes to establish Class E airspace extending upward from 700 feet above the surface for Kentucky Dam State Park Airport, Calvert City, KY, to accommodate area navigation (RNAV) global positioning system (GPS) standard instrument approach procedures (SIAPs) serving this airport. 
Revocation, Amendment, and Establishment of Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes Due to the Decommissioning of the Greene County, MS, VOR: 
This action proposes to remove Jet Route J-590, amend Very High Frequency (VHF) Omnidirectional Range (VOR) Federal airways V-11 and V-70, and establish Area Navigation (RNAV) route T-365. The FAA is proposing this action due to the planned decommissioning of the VOR portion of the Greene County, MS (GCV), VOR/Tactical Air Navigation (VORTAC) navigational aid (NAVAID). The Greene County VOR is being decommissioned in support of the FAA's VOR Minimum Operational Network (MON) program. 
Proposed Establishment of Class E Airspace; Sandusky, MI: 
This action proposes to establish Class E airspace at Sandusky, MI. The FAA is proposing this action to support new public instrument procedures. 
Amendment of Class E Airspace; Shelbyville, TN: 
This action proposes to amend Class E airspace extending upward from 700 feet above the surface for Bomar Field/Shelbyville Municipal Airport, Shelbyville, Tennessee, as an airspace evaluation determined an update for this airport necessary. This action would also update this airport's geographic coordinates, as well as the geographic coordinates of Ellington Airport. In addition, this action would remove the Shelbyville VOR/DME from the description and update the description header. 
Establishment of Area Navigation (RNAV) Routes T-469 and T-472; Southwest United States: 
This action proposes to establish Area Navigation (RNAV) routes T-469 and T-472 in the southwest United States. The new RNAV routes would expand the availability of the enroute structure and provide additional RNAV routing within the National Airspace System (NAS) in support of transitioning it from ground-based to satellite- based navigation. 
BNSF Railway's Request To Amend Its Positive Train Control Safety Plan and Positive Train Control System: 
This document provides the public with notice that, on February 1, 2023, BNSF Railway (BNSF) submitted a request for amendment (RFA) to its FRA-approved Positive Train Control Safety Plan (PTCSP). As this RFA may involve a request for FRA's approval of proposed material modifications to an FRA-certified positive train control (PTC) system, FRA is publishing this notice and inviting public comment on the railroad's RFA to its PTCSP. 
Kansas City Southern Railway Company's Request To Amend Its Positive Train Control System: 
This document provides the public with notice that, on February 17, 2023, the Kansas City Southern Railway Company (KCS) submitted a request for amendment (RFA) to its FRA-certified positive train control (PTC) system. FRA is publishing this notice and inviting public comment on the railroad's RFA to its PTC system. 
Loan Guaranty: Specially Adapted Housing Assistive Technology Grant Program Funding Opportunity: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is publishing the announcement of the availability of funds for the Specially Adapted Housing Assistive Technology (SAHAT) Grant Program for fiscal year (FY) 2023. The objective of the grant is to encourage the development of new assistive technologies for Specially Adapted Housing (SAH). This notice is intended to provide applicants with the information necessary to apply for the SAHAT Grant Program. VA strongly recommends referring to the SAHAT Grant Program regulation in conjunction with this notice. The registration process described in this notice applies only to applicants who will register to submit project applications for FY 2023 SAHAT Grant Program funds. 
Advisory Committee on Arlington National Cemetery Meeting Notice: 
The Department of the Army is publishing this notice to announce the following virtual Federal advisory committee meeting of the Advisory Committee on Arlington National Cemetery (ACANC), The Honor Subcommittee, and the Remember and Explore Subcommittee. These meetings are open to the public. For more information, please visit: http://www.arlingtoncemetery.mil/About/Advisory-Committee-on-Arlington- National-Cemetery/ACANC-Meetings. 
Walnuts Grown in California; Secretary's Decision and Referendum Order on Proposed Amendments to Marketing Order No. 984: 
This decision proposes amendments to Marketing Order No. 984 (Order), which regulates the handling of walnuts grown in California, and provides growers with the opportunity to vote in a referendum to determine if they favor the changes. The California Walnut Board (Board), which locally administers the Order, recommended proposed amendments that would eliminate mandatory inspection and certification of inshell and shelled walnuts, and of shelled walnuts for processing; create a new mechanism for determining and collecting handler assessments; add authority to charge interest for late payments; establish an assessment rate of $0.0125 per inshell pound of walnuts; expand the definition of ``to handle'' to include ``receive''; and remove volume control authority. In addition, the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) proposed to make any such changes to the Order as may be necessary to conform to any amendment that may result from the hearing. 
Wild and Exotic Animal Handling, Training of Personnel Involved With Public Handling of Wild and Exotic Animals, and Environmental Enrichment for Species: 
We are extending the comment period for our advance notice of proposed rulemaking that solicits public comment on our plan to strengthen regulations regarding the handling of wild and exotic animals for exhibition, as well as the training of personnel involved in the handling of wild and exotic animals, and to establish standards addressing environmental enrichment for all regulated animals. This action will allow interested persons additional time to prepare and submit comments. 
Determination That Lithium Citrate Oral Solution, 8 Milliequivalents/5 Milliliters, Was Not Withdrawn From Sale for Reasons of Safety or Effectiveness: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) has determined that lithium citrate oral solution, 8 milliequivalents (mEq)/5 milliliters (mL), was not withdrawn from sale for reasons of safety or effectiveness. This determination means that FDA will not begin procedures to withdraw approval of abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs) that refer to this drug product, and it will allow FDA to continue to approve ANDAs that refer to the product as long as they meet relevant legal and regulatory requirements. 
Evaluating the Safety of Antimicrobial New Animal Drugs With Regard to Their Microbiological Effects on Bacteria of Human Health Concern; Revised Draft Guidance for Industry; Availability; Extension of Comment Period: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or the Agency) is extending the comment period for the notice announcing the availability of a draft guidance for industry that appeared in the Federal Register of December 19, 2022. In that notice, FDA requested comments on draft guidance for industry (GFI) #152 entitled ``Evaluating the Safety of Antimicrobial New Animal Drugs with Regard to their Microbiological Effects on Bacteria of Human Health Concern.'' The Agency is taking this action in response to a request for an extension to allow interested persons additional time to submit comments. 
Orthopaedic and Rehabilitation Devices Panel of the Medical Devices Advisory Committee; Notice of Meeting: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announces a forthcoming public advisory committee meeting of the Orthopaedic and Rehabilitation Devices Panel of the Medical Devices Advisory Committee. The general function of the committee is to provide advice and recommendations to the Agency on FDA's regulatory issues. The meeting will be open to the public. 
Fosun Pharma USA Inc.; Withdrawal of Approval of Abbreviated New Drug Application for Pemoline Tablets, 18.75 Milligrams, 37.5 Milligrams, and 75 Milligrams: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is withdrawing approval of abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) 075286 for pemoline tablets, 18.75 milligrams (mg), 37.5 mg, and 75 mg, held by Fosun Pharma USA Inc. (Fosun), 104 Carnegie Center, Princeton, NJ 08540. Fosun requested that approval of this application be withdrawn and has waived its opportunity for a hearing. 
Receipt of Notice That a Patent Infringement Complaint Was Filed Against a Biosimilar or Interchangeable Biosimilar Applicant: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is publishing notice that an applicant for a biologics license application (BLA) for a biosimilar or interchangeable biosimilar product submitted under the Public Health Service Act (PHS Act) (a ``subsection (k) applicant'') notified FDA that an action for patent infringement was filed in connection with the applicant's BLA. Under the PHS Act, within 30 days after the subsection (k) applicant is served with a complaint in an action for patent infringement described under the PHS Act, the subsection (k) applicant shall provide the Secretary of HHS with notice and copy of such complaint. FDA is required to publish notice of the complaint in the Federal Register. 
Request for Public Comment on a Commercial Availability Request Under the U.S.-Chile Free Trade Agreement: 
In June 2015, the Government of the United States received a request from the Government of Chile to modify the U.S.-Chile Free Trade Agreement (FTA) rules of origin for woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn in subheadings 5408.22-5408.23 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTSUS) to allow the use of non-U.S. or Chilean filament yarn of viscose rayon classified in subheadings 5403.10, 5403.31, 5403.32, and 5403.41 of the HTSUS. In July 2015, CITA solicited public comments on this request, in particular with regard to whether filament yarn of viscose rayon classified in subheadings 5403.10, 5403.31, 5403.32, and 5403.41 can be supplied by the domestic industry in commercial quantities in a timely manner. No information was received at that time indicating that domestic industry could supply the subject yarns. Subsequently, the United States and Chile have continued to consult regarding the subject rule change. In November 2022, the Government of Chile reiterated its interest in advancing the subject rule change. Given the period of time that has elapsed since CITA initially solicited public comments on this request, CITA is again soliciting public comments to determine if the subject yarns can be supplied by the domestic industry in commercial quantities in a timely manner. The President may proclaim a modification to the U.S.-Chile FTA rules of origin only after reaching an agreement with Chile on the modification and after other domestic processes are completed to implement the modification. 
Request for Information on Chronic Hazards Associated With Gas Ranges and Proposed Solutions: 
The Consumer Product Safety Commission (Commission or CPSC) is publishing this notice to request information on chronic hazards associated with gas ranges and proposed solutions to those hazards. 
Radio Broadcasting Services; Wharton, Texas: 
This document requests comments on a petition for rule making filed by 7430 Technologies LLC, proposing to amend the FM Table of Allotments, by allotting Channel 277C2 at Wharton, Texas, as the community's second local service. A staff engineering analysis indicates that Channel 277C2 can be allotted to Wharton, Texas, consistent with the minimum distance separation requirements of the Commission's rules, with a site restriction of 2.1 km (1.3 miles) west of the community. The reference coordinates are 29-18-26 NL and 96-07- 50 WL. 
Federal Advisory Committee Act; Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States: 
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, this notice advises interested persons that the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC or Commission) Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States (Task Force) will hold its next meeting via live internet link. 
Public Workshop Examining Guides for the Use of Environmental Marketing Claims: 
The Federal Trade Commission (``FTC'' or ``Commission'') plans to host a public workshop on May 23, 2023, to examine ``recyclable'' advertising claims. The workshop is a component of the Commission's recently announced regulatory review of the Guides for the Use of Environmental Marketing Claims. 
NIST Safety Commission: 
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Safety Commission (Commission) will meet on March 9, 2023, from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Mountain Time and March 10, 2023, from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Mountain Time. The purpose of this meeting is for the Commission to continue its assessment of the state of NIST's safety culture and how effectively the existing safety protocols and policies have been implemented across NIST. The agenda may change to accommodate Commission business. The final agenda will be posted on the NIST website at https://www.nist.gov/director/nist-safety-commission/march- 9-10-nist-safety-commission-meeting-agenda. 
Grant of Interim Extension of the Term of U.S. Patent No. 6,929,639-POLARX (Cryoablation Balloon Catheter): 
The United States Patent and Trademark Office has issued a certificate under 35 U.S.C. 156(d)(5) for a one-year interim extension of the term of U.S. Patent No. 6,929,639. 
International Energy Agency Meetings: 
The Industry Advisory Board (IAB) to the International Energy Agency (IEA) will meet on March 15, 16, 2023, as a hybrid meeting via webinar and in person, in connection with a joint meeting of the IEA's Standing Group on Emergency Questions (SEQ) and the IEA's Standing Group on the Oil Market (SOM) which is scheduled at the same time via webinar. 
Public Meeting of the National Geospatial Advisory Committee: 
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) of 1972, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) is publishing this notice to announce that a Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC) will take place. 
Consideration of Current Operating Issues and Licensing Actions in License Renewal: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is seeking public comment on a draft regulatory issue summary (RIS) concerning how the NRC considers current operation of a facility in the NRC's license renewal review under NRC regulations. NRC regulations identify the technical information that must be submitted in a license renewal application (LRA) to enable the NRC staff to make a determination that the license may be renewed. In part, an applicant is required to demonstrate that the effects of aging on the functionality of structures and components subject to an aging management review will be adequately managed; the consideration of recent operating experience is an important aspect of that demonstration. In addition, as required by NRC regulations, license renewal applicants need to update their applications with new information related to any current licensing basis changes that could impact aging management of structures and components. 
Applications for Amendments to Facility Operating Licenses Involving Proposed No Significant Hazards Considerations and Containing Sensitive Unclassified Non-Safeguards Information and Order Imposing Procedures for Access to Sensitive Unclassified Non-Safeguards Information: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) received and is considering approval of four amendment requests. The amendment requests are for LaSalle County Station, Units 1 and 2; Prairie Island Nuclear Generating Plants, Unit Nos. 1 and 2; Callaway Plant, Unit No. 1; and Comanche Peak Nuclear Power Plant, Unit Nos. 1 and 2. For each amendment request, the NRC proposes to determine that it involves no significant hazards consideration (NSHC). Because each amendment request contains sensitive unclassified non-safeguards information (SUNSI), an order imposes procedures to obtain access to SUNSI for contention preparation by persons who file a hearing request or petition for leave to intervene. 
Material Compatibility for Non-Light Water Reactors: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is issuing for public comment on its draft Interim Staff Guidance (ISG) ``Material Compatibility for non-Light Water Reactors, DANU-ISG-2023-01.'' The purpose of this draft ISG is to assist the NRC staff in reviewing certain applications for construction and operation of non-light water reactor designs, including power and non-power reactors. 
Air Plan Approval; North Dakota; Revisions to Permitting Rules; and Correction: 
In accordance with the Clean Air Act (CAA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is taking final action to approve State Implementation Plan (SIP) revisions submitted by North Dakota on August 3, 2020. The revisions contain amendments to the State's Ambient Air Quality Standards, Permit to Construct, and Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) regulations. In addition, we are correcting the citation to a revision to North Dakota Administrative Code (NDAC) section 33.1-15-20-04.4. In our proposal, we provided the incorrect citation to section 33.1-15-20-04.3. 
Air Plan Approval; Pennsylvania; Revisions To Plan Approval and Operating Permit Fees Rule and Title V Operating Permit Program: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is proposing to approve both a state implementation plan (SIP) revision and title V operating permits program revision submitted by the Pennsylvania Departmental of Environmental Protection (PADEP) on behalf of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The SIP revision pertains to Pennsylvania's existing plan approval and operating permit program fee rules. The revision increases existing plan approval application and operating permit fees. The title V operating permit program revision amends the title V operating permit program fee schedules that fund the Pennsylvania title V operating permit program. 
Determination of Attainment by the Attainment Date But For International Emissions for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard; El Paso-Las Cruces, Texas-New Mexico: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA or ``Agency'') is proposing to determine that the El Paso-Las Cruces, Texas-New Mexico nonattainment area would have attained the 2015 ozone national ambient air quality standard (NAAQS) by the August 3, 2021 ``Marginal'' area attainment date, but for emissions emanating from outside the United States. If we finalize this action as proposed, the El Paso-Las Cruces, Texas-New Mexico ozone nonattainment area would no longer be subject to the Clean Air Act (CAA) requirements pertaining to reclassification upon failure to attain and therefore would remain classified as a Marginal nonattainment area for the 2015 ozone NAAQS. This action, if finalized as proposed, will discharge the EPA's statutory obligation to determine whether the El Paso-Las Cruces, Texas-New Mexico ozone nonattainment area attained the NAAQS by the attainment date. 
Issuance of the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Permit for Discharges From Hydrostatic Testing of New and Existing Vessels in New Mexico (NMG270000), Oklahoma (OKG27F000), and Indian Country Within the States of Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Louisiana (TXG27I000, OKG27I000, NMG27I000, & LAG27I000): 
On February 21, 2023, the Water Division Director for the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Region 6 signed and issued the final permit of the NPDES General Permit for Discharges from Hydrostatic Testing of New and Existing Vessels in New Mexico (NMG270000), Oklahoma (OKG27F000), and Indian Country within the States of Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Louisiana (TXG27I000, OKG27I000, NMG27I000, & LAG27I000). 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is giving notice that it proposes to modify a system of records pursuant to the provisions of the Privacy Act of 1974. The Mass Alert Notification System (MANS) is being modified to update the system location, contact information, and record source categories, and to add one additional General Routine Use. The purpose of the system is to manage communications to agency personnel during critical events. EPA uses MANS for operational response to critical events to keep individuals safe and ensure continuity of business operations. During public safety threats such as active shooter situations, terrorist attacks, or severe weather conditions, as well as critical business events such as IT outages, cyber-attacks, or other incidents such as product recalls or supply-chain interruptions, customers rely on MANS to quickly and reliably aggregate and assess threat data, locate people at risk and responders able to assist, automate the execution of pre-defined communications processes, and track progress on executing incident response plans. 
Refuge-Specific Regulations; Public Use; Kenai National Wildlife Refuge: 
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service, we) is withdrawing our June 11, 2020, proposed rule to amend the refuge- specific regulations for Kenai National Wildlife Refuge (NWR, Refuge) related to the harvest of brown bears at bait stations, trapping under State law without a Federal permit, discharge of firearms along the Kenai and Russian Rivers, increased access for the use of bicycles and game carts, and the use of snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and utility task vehicles on certain lakes when there is adequate snow and ice cover. Based on the extensive public comments submitted in opposition to the June 11, 2020, proposed rule and new information and scientific literature not previously considered, we have determined that the best course of action is to withdraw the proposed rule. 
Central Idaho Resource Advisory Committee: 
The Central Idaho Resource Advisory Committee (RAC) will hold a public meeting according to the details shown below. The committee is authorized under the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act (the Act) and operates in compliance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act. The purpose of the committee is to improve collaborative relationships and to provide advice and recommendations to the Forest Service concerning projects and funding consistent with Title II of the Act. General information and meeting details can be found at the following website: https://www.fs.usda.gov/main/scnf/ workingtogether/advisorycommittees. 
Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Sharing Plan; 2023 Annual Management Measures: 
The Assistant Administrator for Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, on behalf of the International Pacific Halibut Commission (IPHC), publishes as regulations the 2023 annual management measures governing the Pacific halibut fishery that have been recommended by the IPHC and accepted by the Secretary of State, with the concurrence of the Secretary of Commerce. These measures are intended to enhance the conservation of Pacific halibut and further the goals and objectives of the Pacific Fishery Management Council (PFMC) and the North Pacific Fishery Management Council (NPMFC). 
Pacific Island Fisheries; 2022-2025 Annual Catch Limits and Accountability Measures for Main Hawaiian Islands Deepwater Shrimp and Precious Coral Fisheries: 
In this final rule, NMFS implements annual catch limits (ACL) and accountability measures (AM) for main Hawaiian Islands (MHI) deepwater shrimp and precious coral for each fishing year in the time period between 2022 and 2025. As a post-season AM, if NMFS determines that the average total catch from the most recent 3 fishing years exceeded an ACL in a fishing year, we would reduce the ACL for the following fishing year by the amount of the overage. Although the 2022 fishing year for deepwater shrimp has ended, we will evaluate 2022 catches against the final ACL when data become available. This final rule supports the long-term sustainability of MHI deepwater shrimp and precious coral. 
Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; The 2023-2025 Specifications for the Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fishery Management Plan: 
NMFS proposes 2023-2025 specifications for the Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fishery Management Plan as recommended by the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council. This action proposes to set the 2023-2025 chub mackerel specifications, the 2023-2024 butterfish specifications, and the 2023 Illex squid specifications. This action also proposes reaffirming the 2023 longfin squid specifications. 
Endangered and Threatened Species; Take of Anadromous Fish: 
Notice is hereby given that NMFS received an application from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) to renew their U.S. Endangered Species Act (ESA) Section 10(a)(1)(A) scientific enhancement permit (permit 20571-2R) for the reintroduction of Central Valley (CV) spring-run Chinook salmon to the San Joaquin River for the San Joaquin River Restoration Program. Proposed activities within the permit application are expected to affect the threatened CV spring-run Chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha), California Central Valley (CCV) Distinct Population Segment (DPS) of steelhead (Oncorhynchus mykiss) and the threatened Southern DPS (sDPS) of North American green sturgeon (Acipenser medirostris). The public is hereby notified the application for Permit 20571-2R is available for review and comment before NMFS either approves or disapproves the application. 
Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Approved Monitoring Service Providers: 
NMFS has approved nine companies to provide Northeast multispecies sector at-sea catch monitoring and/or electronic catch monitoring services in fishing year 2023. Regulations implementing the Northeast Multispecies Fishery Management Plan require at-sea catch monitoring and electronic catch monitoring companies to be approved by NMFS to provide catch monitoring services to sectors. This action will allow sectors to contract for catch monitoring services with any of the approved service providers for fishing year 2023. 
Federal Management Regulation; Real Estate Acquisition: 
GSA is finalizing an amendment to the Federal Management Regulation (FMR) part regarding real property acquisition to clarify the policies for entering into lease agreements for high-security space in accordance with the Secure Federal Leases from Espionage And Suspicious Entanglements Act, also referred to as the Secure Federal LEASEs Act. 
Presidential Declaration of a Major Disaster for Public Assistance Only for the State of South Dakota: 
This is a Notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for Public Assistance Only for the State of SOUTH DAKOTA (FEMA--4689--DR), dated 02/27/2023. Incident: Severe Winter Storms and Snowstorm. Incident Period: 12/12/2022 through 12/25/2022. 
Black Lung Benefits Act: Authorization of Self-Insurers: 
The Department of Labor is extending the comment period for a proposed rule that would update the process for coal mine operators to apply for authorization to self-insure, the requirements operators must meet to qualify to self-insure, the amount of security self-insured operators must provide, and the process for operators to appeal determinations made by the Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP). Since the proposed rule was published, the Department has received multiple requests from interested parties for the Department to provide additional time for them to develop and submit their comments on the proposal. In response to those requests, the Department is extending the comment period. 
Barium Chloride From India: Countervailing Duty Order: 
Based on affirmative final determinations by the Department of Commerce (Commerce) and the International Trade Commission (ITC), Commerce is issuing a countervailing duty order on barium chloride from India. 
Certain Cold-Drawn Mechanical Tubing of Carbon and Alloy Steel From India: Preliminary Results of Countervailing Duty Administrative Review; 2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily finds that countervailable subsidies are being provided to producers and exporters of certain cold-drawn mechanical tubing of carbon and alloy steel (cold-drawn mechanical tubing) from India during the period of review, January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Certain Frozen Warmwater Shrimp From Thailand: Preliminary Results and Partial Rescission of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2021-2022: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that Thai Union Group Public Co., Ltd./Thai Union Seafood Co., Ltd./Pakfood Public Company Limited/Asia Pacific (Thailand) Co., Ltd./Chaophraya Cold Storage Co., Ltd./Okeanos Co., Ltd./Okeanos Food Co., Ltd./Takzin Samut Co., Ltd. (collectively, Thai Union), a producer and exporter subject to this administrative review, did not make sales of subject merchandise at less than normal value during the period of review (POR) February 1, 2021, through January 31, 2022. Additionally, based on timely withdrawal of requests for review, we are rescinding this administrative review with respect to all other companies for which we initiated an administrative review. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Common Alloy Aluminum Sheet From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results of Countervailing Duty Administrative Review; 2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that countervailable subsidies were provided to producers and exporters of common alloy aluminum sheet (CAAS) from the People's Republic of China (China) during the period of review (POR), January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021. We invite interested parties to comment on these preliminary results. 
Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Cells, Whether or Not Assembled Into Modules, From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results of Changed Circumstances Reviews, and Intent To Revoke the Antidumping and Countervailing Duty Orders, in Part: 
On August 8, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) received a request for revocation, in part, of the antidumping duty (AD) and countervailing duty (CVD) orders on crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells, whether or not assembled into modules (solar cells), from the People's Republic of China (China) from Shenzen Hello Tech Energy Co., Ltd. (Hello Tech) with respect to certain off-grid small portable crystalline silicon photovoltaic (CSPV) panels as described below. We preliminary determine to revoke, in part, the solar cells AD and CVD orders with respect to these products. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Products From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results of Changed Circumstances Reviews, and Intent To Revoke the Antidumping and Countervailing Duty Orders, in Part: 
On August 8, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) received a request for revocation, in part, of the antidumping duty (AD) and countervailing duty (CVD) orders on crystalline silicon photovoltaic products (solar products) from the People's Republic of China (China), from Shenzen Hello Tech Energy Co., Ltd. (Hello Tech) with respect to certain off-grid small portable crystalline silicon photovoltaic (CSPV) panels as described below. We preliminary determine to revoke, in part, the solar products AD and CVD orders with respect to these products. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Small Diameter Graphite Electrodes From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results of the Antidumping Duty Administrative Review and Rescission of Review, in Part; 2021-2022: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that Fushun Jinly Petrochemical Carbon Co., Ltd. (Fushun Jinly), the sole mandatory respondent in this review and an exporter of small diameter graphite electrodes (SDGE) from the People's Republic of China (China), sold subject merchandise in the United States at prices below normal value (NV) during the period of review (POR) February 1, 2021, through January 31, 2022. Further, we are rescinding the review with respect to all other companies for which a review was initiated for this POR. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Stainless Steel Bar From India: Preliminary Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2021-2022: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) is conducting an administrative review of the antidumping duty order on stainless steel bar from India. The period of review (POR) is February 1, 2021, through January 31, 2022. This review covers four producers/exporters of the subject merchandise. We preliminarily determine that subject merchandise has not been sold at less than at normal value during this POR. We invite interested parties to comment on these preliminary results. 
Stainless Steel Butt-Weld Pipe Fittings From Italy, Malaysia, and the Philippines: Final Results of the Expedited Fourth Sunset Review of the Antidumping Duty Orders: 
As a result of these expedited sunset reviews, the Department of Commerce (Commerce) finds that revocation of the antidumping (AD) duty orders on stainless steel butt-weld pipe fittings from Italy, Malaysia, and the Philippines would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of dumping at the levels indicated in the ``Final Results of Sunset Review'' section of this notice. 
Stainless Steel Flanges From India: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review and Final Determination of No Shipments; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that exporters/producers of stainless steel flanges from India made sales of subject merchandise at prices below normal value during the period of review (POR) October 1, 2020, through September 30, 2021. We continue to find that Emerson Process Management (Emerson) and Echjay Forgings Private Limited (Echjay) had no reviewable shipments of subject merchandise during the POR. 
Wood Mouldings and Millwork Products From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results and Partial Rescission of Countervailing Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that countervailable subsidies are being provided to producers and exporters of wood moulding and millwork products (millwork products) from the People's Republic of China (China) during the period of review (POR), June 12, 2020, through December 31, 2021. In addition, Commerce is rescinding this review with respect to 38 companies. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results of review. 
Wood Mouldings and Millwork Products From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review, Preliminary Determination of No Shipments, and Rescission in Part; 2020-2022: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that Fujian Yinfeng Imp & Exp Trading Co., Ltd./Fujian Province Youxi City Mangrove Wood Machining Co., Ltd. (Yinfeng/ Mangrove), and 29 non-individually examined exporters of wood mouldings and millwork products (WMMP) from the People's Republic of China (China) sold subject merchandise to the United States at prices below normal value (NV) during the period of review (POR), August 12, 2020, through January 31, 2022. Commerce also preliminarily determines that Fujian Jinquan Trade Co., Ltd./Baiyuan Wood Machining Co., Ltd. (Jinquan/Baiyuan) did not sell subject merchandise to the United States at prices below NV during the POR. We further preliminarily find that Fujian Shunchang Shengsheng Wood Industry Limited Company (Shunchang Shengsheng), Xiamen Jinxi Building Material Co., Ltd. (Xiamen Jinxi), and Zhangzhou Green Wood Industry and Trade Co., Ltd. (Green Wood) had no shipments of subject merchandise during the POR and that Gaomi Hongtai Home Furniture Co., Ltd. is part of the China-wide entity. Additionally, we are rescinding this administrative review with respect to 33 companies because the requests for review of these companies were timely withdrawn. Finally, we preliminarily intend to rescind this administrative review with respect to three companies. 
Certain High-Performance Gravity-Fed Water Filters and Products Containing the Same Notice of Request for Statements on the Public Interest: 
Notice is hereby given that on February 28, 2023, the presiding administrative law judge issued an Initial Determination on Section 337 Violation and a Recommended Determination on Remedy and Bonding in the above-captioned investigation. The Commission is soliciting comments on public interest issues raised by the recommended relief should the Commission find a violation. This notice is soliciting public interest comments from the public only. 
Request for Information; NSPM 33 Research Security Programs Standard Requirement: 
The Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) requests comments from the public on draft Research Security Programs Standard Requirement developed in response to National Security Presidential Memorandum 33 on National Security Strategy for United States Government-Supported Research and Development (R&D). The draft Standard Requirement has been created by OSTP, together with Federal agencies and the Office of Management and Budget, to ensure that there is uniformity across Federal research agencies in implementing this requirement. 
Amendment of Class E Airspace; Hanford Municipal Airport, CA: 
This action modifies the Class E airspace extending upward from 700 feet above the surface at Hanford Municipal Airport CA. It adds a radius to the Class E airspace, removes an extension to the east of the airport, and modifies the extensions to the southeast and northwest of the airport. These actions will support the safety and management of instrument flight rule (IFR) operations at the airport. 
Establishment of Class E Airspace; Mefford Field Airport, CA: 
This action establishes Class E airspace extending upward from 700 feet above the surface at Mefford Field Airport, Tulare, CA. The establishment of Class E airspace supports the safety of instrument flight rules (IFR) arrival, departure, and missed approach operations at the airport. 
Draft Policy Statement Regarding Submission of Outline of New and Changed Systems at the Beginning of the Type Certificate Amendment Process for Transport Category Aircraft; Correction: 
The FAA published a document in the Federal Register on March 2, 2023, inviting the public to submit comments on the draft policy statement regarding Submission of Outline of New and Changed Systems at the Beginning of the Type Certificate Amendment Process for Transport Category Aircraft. The document contained an incorrect uniform resource locator (URL). 
Notice of Final Federal Agency Actions on Proposed Highway in California: 
The FHWA, on behalf of Caltrans, is issuing this notice to announce actions taken by Caltrans that are final. The actions relate to a proposed highway project, on State Route 99 from post mile 21.2 to 24.4 in the County of Fresno, State of California. Those actions grant licenses, permits, and approvals for the project. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: BENTEN (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: CORAGEM (Sail); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: DOUBLE DOWN (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: GRATITUDE (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: HILLBILLY EXPRESS (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: ISABELLA (Sail); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: KAILANI (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: LADY GRACE (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: MAVERICK (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: NAUTI STAR (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: OHANA (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: SONNY DAZE (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
Coastwise Endorsement Eligibility Determination for a Foreign-Built Vessel: WAR HORSE (Motor); Invitation for Public Comments: 
The Secretary of Transportation, as represented by the Maritime Administration (MARAD), is authorized to issue coastwise endorsement eligibility determinations for foreign-built vessels which will carry no more than twelve passengers for hire. A request for such a determination has been received by MARAD. By this notice, MARAD seeks comments from interested parties as to any effect this action may have on U.S. vessel builders or businesses in the U.S. that use U.S.-flag vessels. Information about the requestor's vessel, including a brief description of the proposed service, is listed below. 
BMW of North America, LLC, Grant of Petition for Decision of Inconsequential Noncompliance: 
BMW of North America, LLC (BMW), a subsidiary of BMW AG, Munich, Germany, has determined that certain model year (MY) 2018 BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 convertible motor vehicles do not fully comply with Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard (FMVSS) No. 110, Tire Selection and Rims and Motor Home/Recreation Vehicle Trailer Load Carrying Capacity Information for Motor Vehicles with a GVWR of 4,536 kilograms (10,000 pounds) or Less. BMW filed a noncompliance report dated April 26, 2017, and subsequently petitioned NHTSA on May 19, 2017, for a decision that the subject noncompliance is inconsequential as it relates to motor vehicle safety. This document announces the grant of BMW's petition. 
Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Meeting: 
The DoD is publishing this notice to announce that the following Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces (DAC-IPAD) will take place. 
NASA Advisory Council; Aeronautics Committee; Meeting: 
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) announces a meeting of the Aeronautics Committee of the NASA Advisory Council (NAC). This meeting will be held for the purpose of soliciting, from the aeronautics community and other persons, research and technical information relevant to program planning. 
United States Standards for Grades of Processed Raisins: 
The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) proposes to revise the United States Standards for Grades of Processed Raisins. AMS is proposing to modify two references to the allowances for capstems within the standards to modernize the standards to reflect current industry practices. The proposal also includes minor editorial changes to table headings to align with updated Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) formatting requirements. 
National Register of Historic Places; Notification of Pending Nominations and Related Actions: 
The National Park Service is soliciting electronic comments on the significance of properties nominated before February 25, 2023, for listing or related actions in the National Register of Historic Places. 
Request for Public Input About Implementation of the Mississippi River Basin Healthy Watersheds Initiative and the National Water Quality Initiative: 
The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) requests public input for NRCS to use in refining the Mississippi River Basin Healthy Watershed Initiative (MRBI) and the National Water Quality Initiative (NWQI) to better protect and improve water quality. NRCS also requests comments on how we can streamline and improve MRBI and NWQI to increase efficiencies and expand access for underserved communities and producers. Finally, NRCS requests comments on how we can engage with partners to provide technical assistance for MRBI and NWQI implementation. This effort will help NRCS identify and prioritize improvements to MRBI and NWQI starting in fiscal year (FY) 2024. 
Request for Nominations to the Task Force on Agricultural Air Quality Research: 
The Secretary of Agriculture invites nominations of qualified candidates to be considered for a 2-year term on the Task Force on Agricultural Air Quality Research, typically referred to as the Agricultural Air Quality Task Force (AAQTF), established by the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 to provide recommendations to the Secretary of Agriculture on agricultural air quality issues. This notice solicits nominations for membership to AAQTF. 
Meeting of National Council on the Humanities: 
Pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act, notice is hereby given that the National Council on the Humanities will meet to advise the Chair of the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) with respect to policies, programs and procedures for carrying out her functions; to review applications for financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 and make recommendations thereon to the Chair; and to consider gifts offered to NEH and make recommendations thereon to the Chair. 
Radio Broadcasting Services; Ralston, Wyoming: 
This document amends the FM Table of Allotments, of the Commission's rules, by adding Channel 233C at Ralston, Wyoming. Channel 233C would provide a first local service at Ralston, Wyoming. A staff engineering analysis indicates that Channel 233C can be allotted to Ralston, Wyoming, consistent with the minimum distance separation requirements of the Commission's rules, with a site restriction of 32.1 km (19.9 miles) southwest of the community. The reference coordinates are 44-29-42 NL and 109-09-12 WL. 
VRS and IP CTS-Commencement of Pending User Registration: 
In this document, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC or Commission) announces that the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has approved, for a period of three years, the information collection associated with rules adopted in the Commission's documents Telecommunications Relay Services and Speech-to-Speech Services for Individuals with Hearing and Speech Disabilities et. al, Report and Order, FCC 22-51. This document is consistent with the Report and Order, which stated that the Commission would publish a document in the Federal Register announcing the effective date of those rules. 
Protecting Against National Security Threats to the Communications Supply Chain Through the Equipment Authorization Program and the Competitive Bidding Program: 
In this document, the Commission seeks further comment on potential additional revisions to the rules and procedures associated with prohibiting the authorization of ``covered'' equipment in the Commission's equipment authorization program. The Commission also invites additional comment on proposed rule revisions to the Commission's competitive bidding program. 
Civil Nuclear Credit Program: Guidance for the Second Award Period: 
The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE or the Department) announces the availability of the Guidance for the Second Award Cycle of the Civil Nuclear Credit (CNC) Program authorized under of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA). The Department is providing notification of the issuance of the U.S. Department of Energy Guidance for the Second Award Cycle of the Civil Nuclear Credit Program on SAM.gov. The Guidance describes the timelines, deliverables, and other requirements for owners or operators of eligible nuclear reactors that are projected to cease operations due to economic factors to submit certification applications to become certified nuclear reactors, and instructions on formulating and submitting sealed bids to receive credit allocations. 
Information Collection: Requests to Federally Recognized Indian Tribes for Information: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) invites public comment on the renewal of Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval for an existing collection of information. The information collection is entitled, ``Requests to Federally Recognized Indian Tribes for Information.'' 
Pacific Gas and Electric Company; Diablo Canyon Power Plant, Units 1 and 2: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has issued an exemption in response to an October 31, 2022, request from Pacific Gas and Electric Company regarding the submittal of a license renewal application for Diablo Canyon Power Plant, Units 1 and 2. Pursuant to this exemption, if the licensee submits a license renewal application less than 5 years prior to expiration of the existing operating licenses but no later than December 31, 2023, and if the NRC staff finds it acceptable for docketing, the existing operating licenses will be in timely renewal under NRC regulations until the NRC has made a final determination on whether to approve the license renewal application. 
Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Macon Area Limited Maintenance Plan for the 1997 8-Hour Ozone NAAQS: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is finalizing approval of a state implementation plan (SIP) revision submitted by the State of Georgia, through the Georgia Environmental Protection Division (EPD), on October 20, 2021. The SIP revision includes the Limited Maintenance Plan (LMP) for the Macon 1997 8-hour ozone national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) maintenance area (hereinafter referred to as the Macon 1997 8-hour Ozone NAAQS Area or Macon Area or Area). The Macon 1997 8-hour NAAQS Area consists of all of Bibb County and a portion of Monroe County located in middle Georgia. EPA is finalizing approval because the Macon Area LMP provides for the maintenance of the 1997 8-hour ozone NAAQS within the Area through the end of the second 10-year portion of the maintenance period. This action makes certain commitments related to maintenance of the 1997 8-hour ozone NAAQS in the Area federally enforceable as part of the Georgia SIP. 
Air Plan Approval; MO; Restriction of Visible Air Contaminant Emissions: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is taking final action to approve revisions to the Missouri State Implementation Plan (SIP) received on November 29, 2016, and March 7, 2019. The revisions were submitted by Missouri in response to a finding of substantial inadequacy and SIP call published on June 12, 2015, for a provision in the Missouri SIP related to excess emissions during startup, shutdown, and malfunction (SSM) events. In the submissions, Missouri requests to revise a regulation related to restriction of emissions of visible air contaminants. The revisions to the rule include removing a statement from the compliance and performance testing provisions that does not meet Clean Air Act (CAA) requirements, adding exemptions for emission units regulated by stricter federal and state regulations or that do not have the capability of exceeding the emission limits of the rule, adding an alternative test method and making other administrative changes. Approval of these revisions will ensure consistency between state and federally approved rules. 
Air Plan Approval; Tennessee; Eastman Chemical Company Nitrogen Oxides SIP Call Alternative Monitoring: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is conditionally approving a revision to the Tennessee State Implementation Plan (SIP) submitted by the State of Tennessee, through the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC), through a letter dated August 11, 2021. This revision establishes alternative monitoring, recordkeeping, and reporting requirements under the Nitrogen Oxides (NO<INF>X</INF>) SIP Call. EPA is approving these changes pursuant to the Clean Air Act (CAA or Act). 
Designation of Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; California; Coachella Valley Ozone Nonattainment Area; Reclassification to Extreme: 
Under the Clean Air Act (CAA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is granting requests by the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to reclassify the Coachella Valley ozone nonattainment area in California from ``Severe-15'' to ``Extreme'' for the 2008 ozone national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS). This action does not reclassify any areas of Indian country within the boundaries of the Coachella Valley 2008 ozone nonattainment area. The new applicable attainment date for the Coachella Valley ozone nonattainment area for the 2008 ozone NAAQS will be the date by which attainment can be achieved as expeditiously as practicable, but no later than July 20, 2032. In connection with the reclassification, the EPA is approving a deadline of no later than 18 months from the effective date of this rule for submittal of revisions to the Coachella Valley portion of the California state implementation plan (SIP) to meet additional requirements for Extreme ozone nonattainment areas. Lastly, the EPA is extending our previous limited approval of the motor vehicle emissions budgets to new budgets to be developed as part of a SIP meeting the Extreme area requirements for the Coachella Valley. 
National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Wood Preserving Area Sources Technology Review; Technical Correction for Surface Coating of Wood Building Products: 
This action finalizes the technology review (TR) conducted for the Wood Preserving Area Sources category regulated under national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants (NESHAP). While the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is making no changes to the existing standards as a result of the TR, this action establishes minor editorial and formatting changes to the Wood Preserving Area Sources NESHAP table of applicable general provisions. In addition, the EPA is finalizing technical corrections to the Surface Coating of Wood Building Products NESHAP. 
Clean Water Act; Contractor Access to Confidential Business Information: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) intends to transfer confidential business information (CBI) collected from numerous industries under a newly awarded contract, effective November 1, 2022, to Eastern Research Group (ERG) and its subcontractors. Transfer of this information is necessary for ERG to assist the Office of Water in the preparation of effluent guidelines and standards and with its effluent guidelines planning and review activities. Much of the information being transferred was or will be collected under the authority of section 308 of the Clean Water Act (CWA). Interested persons may submit comments on this intended transfer of information to the person listed in the ADDRESSES section of this document. 
Endangered and Threatened Species; Receipt of Recovery Permit Applications: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, have received applications for permits to conduct activities intended to enhance the propagation or survival of endangered or threatened species under the ESA. We invite the public and local, State, Tribal, and Federal agencies to comment on these applications. Before issuing any of the requested permits, we will take into consideration any information that we receive during the public comment period. 
Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska: 
NMFS is prohibiting directed fishing for Pacific cod by catcher vessels using trawl gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska (GOA). This action is necessary to prevent exceeding the A season allowance of the 2023 total allowable catch of Pacific cod by catcher vessels using trawl gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the GOA. 
Determination of Overfishing or an Overfished Condition: 
This action serves as a notice that NMFS, on behalf of the Secretary of Commerce (Secretary), has found that the following stocks of fish are now subject to overfishing or overfished: Gulf of Maine haddock, Gulf of Mexico cubera snapper, Gulf of Mexico Jacks Complex, and Gulf of Mexico Mid-water Snapper Complex are now subject to overfishing, and Pacific bluefin tuna, Pacific sardine, Bering Sea snow crab, Saint Matthew Island blue king crab, Southern New England/Mid- Atlantic yellowtail flounder, Gulf of Maine/Georges Bank Atlantic wolffish, Northwestern Atlantic ocean pout, Northwestern Atlantic witch flounder, Atlantic herring, Atlantic halibut, and Georges Bank yellowtail flounder all continue to be overfished. NMFS, on behalf of the Secretary, notifies the appropriate regional fishery management council (Council) whenever it determines that a stock or stock complex is subject to overfishing, overfished, or approaching an overfished condition. 
Endangered and Threatened Species; Take of Anadromous Fish: 
Notice is hereby given that NMFS renewed Section 10(a)(1)(A) scientific enhancement Permit 16608-3R to the Bureau of Reclamation. Authorized activities within the permit are expected to affect and enhance the threatened California Central Valley (CCV) Distinct Population Segment (DPS) of steelhead (Oncorhynchus mykiss) and the Southern DPS (sDPS) of North American green sturgeon (Acipenser medirostris) through enhancement activities and research and monitoring in the San Joaquin River from the Merced River confluence to the base of Mendota Dam, and select locations on the Mariposa and Eastside bypasses, and entrances to the following off-channel sloughs: Mud Slough, Salt Slough, and Newman Wasteway. 
Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council (MAFMC); Public Meeting: 
The Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council's (MAFMC's) Bluefish Monitoring Committee (MC) will hold a public meeting jointly with the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission's Bluefish Technical Committee (TC). 
Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council (MAFMC); Public Meeting: 
The Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council will hold a public meeting of its Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish (MSB) Monitoring Committee. See SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION for agenda details. 
New England Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The New England Fishery Management Council is convening its Scientific and Statistical Committee (SSC) via webinar to consider actions affecting New England fisheries in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ). Recommendations from this group will be brought to the full Council for formal consideration and action, if appropriate. 
Pacific Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The Pacific Fishery Management Council's (Pacific Council) Coastal Pelagic Species Advisory Subpanel will hold a public meeting. 
Pacific Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The Pacific Fishery Management Council's (Pacific Council) Highly Migratory Species Management Team (HMSMT) will hold an online meeting, which is open to the public. 
Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to SouthCoast Wind Energy, LLC's Marine Site Characterization Surveys Off Massachusetts and Rhode Island: 
NMFS has received a request from SouthCoast Wind Energy, LLC (SouthCoast Wind; formerly known as Mayflower Wind Energy, LLC) for authorization to take marine mammals incidental to marine site characterization surveys offshore of Massachusetts and Rhode Island in the area of Commercial Lease of Submerged Lands for Renewable Energy Development on the Outer Continental Shelf Lease Area (OCS)-A-0521. The activities described in SouthCoast Wind's request, the overall survey duration, the project location, and the acoustic sources proposed for use are similar in scope as to what was previously analyzed in support of the IHA issued by NMFS to SouthCoast Wind for the 2021-2022 site characterization surveys (2021 IHA) (86 FR 38033, July 19, 2021). All proposed mitigation, monitoring, and reporting requirements remain the same. While SouthCoast Wind's planned activity would qualify for renewal of the 2021 IHA, due to the availability of updated marine mammal density data (https:// seamap.env.duke.edu/models/Duke/EC/), which NMFS has determined represents the best available scientific data, NMFS has determined it appropriate to provide a 30-day period for the public to comment on this proposed action. Pursuant to the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA), NMFS is requesting comments on its proposal to issue an IHA to incidentally take marine mammals during the specified activities. NMFS is also requesting comments on a possible 1-year renewal IHA that could be issued under certain circumstances and if all requirements are met, as described in Request for Public Comments at the end of this notice. NMFS will consider public comments prior to making any final decision on the issuance of the requested MMPA authorizations and agency responses will be summarized in the final notice of our decision. 
Business Standards Council Review of Real Property Management Federal Integrated Business Framework Draft Service Measures: Request For Public Comment: 
This notice informs the public of the opportunity to provide input on the proposed real property management service measures that have been created in support of Federal shared services. This input will be used in the formulation of business standards for Federal real property management. 
Information Reporting of Health Insurance Coverage and Other Issues Under Sections 5000A, 6055, and 6056; Correction: 
This document contains corrections to a final regulation that was published in the Federal Register on Thursday, December 15, 2022. The December rule contains final regulations under the Internal Revenue Code that provide an automatic extension of time for providers of minimum essential coverage (including health insurance issuers, self- insured employers, and government agencies) to furnish individual statements regarding such coverage and an alternative method for furnishing individual statements when the individual shared responsibility payment amount is zero. 
Mailing Currency: 
The Postal Service is amending Mailing Standards of the United States Postal Service, Domestic Mail Manual (DMM[supreg]) to clarify the standards for mailing currency. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
The United States Postal Service[supreg] (USPS) is proposing to revise one Customer Privacy Act System of Records (SOR). These modifications are being made to support an initiative that is intended to enhance the USPS shippers' customer experience and individual privacy protection when filing an online International inquiry. The USPS International Assistant (IA) initiative will improve the efficiency of the identity verification process by streamlining name and address verification as described below. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
In accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, we are issuing public notice of our intent to modify an existing system of records entitled, Repository of Electronic Authentication Data Master File (60- 0373). This notice publishes details of the system as set forth below under the caption, SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION. 
Advisory Board on Radiation and Worker Health (ABRWH), National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH): 
The CDC announces the following meeting of the Advisory Board on Radiation and Worker Health (ABRWH or the Advisory Board). This meeting is open to the public, limited only by the space available and without a public comment period. The public is welcome to submit written comments in advance of the meeting, to the contact person below. Written comments received in advance of the meeting will be included in the official record of the meeting. The public is also welcomed to listen to the meeting by joining the audio conference (information below). The audio conference line has 150 ports for callers. 
Board of Scientific Counselors, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health: 
In accordance with regulatory provisions, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces the following meeting of the Board of Scientific Counselors, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (BSC, NIOSH). This is a virtual meeting. It is open to the public, limited only by the number of web conference lines (500 web conference lines are available). Time will be available for public comment. 
Solicitation of Nominations for Membership To Serve on the National Advisory Council on Migrant Health: 
HRSA is seeking nominations of qualified candidates for consideration for appointment as members of the National Advisory Council on Migrant Health (NACMH). NACMH advises, consults with, and makes recommendations to the Secretary of HHS concerning the organization, operation, selection, and funding of migrant health centers (MHCs) and other entities, under grants and contracts under the Public Health Service (PHS) Act. HRSA is seeking nominations to fill two positions on NACMH. 
HEARTH Act Approval of Mechoopda Indian Tribe of Chico Rancheria, California Leasing Ordinance: 
The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) approved the Mechoopda Indian Tribe of Chico Rancheria, California Leasing Ordinance under the Helping Expedite and Advance Responsible Tribal Homeownership Act of 2012 (HEARTH Act). With this approval, the Tribe is authorized to enter into agriculture, business, residential, wind and solar, public, religious, educational, and recreational leases without further BIA approval. 
Request for Nominations of Members To Serve on the Bureau of Indian Education Advisory Board for Exceptional Children: 
Pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act and the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 2004 (IDEA), the Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) requests nominations of individuals to serve on the Advisory Board for Exceptional Children (Advisory Board). There will be four positions available to specifically serve in the areas of Indian parents/guardians of children with disabilities within the BIE school system, or Indian persons with disabilities, or State Education Officials, or State Inter-agency coordinating Councils (for states having Indian reservations). Board members shall serve a staggered term of two years or three years from the date of their appointment. The BIE will consider nominations received in response to this request for nominations, as well as other sources. 
Safety Zone; Atlantic Ocean, Cape Canaveral Offshore Launch Area, FL: 
The Coast Guard is establishing a temporary safety zone for waters of the Atlantic Ocean, adjacent to Cape Canaveral, FL. This safety zone would implement a special activities provision of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021. The Coast Guard is establishing this safety zone for the launch of the Terran I rocket, which is being launched by Relativity Space. The temporary safety zone will be located within the Coast Guard District Seven area of responsibility offshore of Cape Canaveral, Florida. This rule prohibits U.S.-flagged vessels from entering the temporary safety zone unless authorized by the District Commander of the Seventh Coast Guard District or a designated representative. Foreign-flagged vessels are encouraged to remain outside the safety zone. This action is necessary to protect vessels and waterway users from the potential hazards created by launch of the Terran I rocket, flying over the U.S. Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). 
Safety Zone; Fireworks Display, Elizabeth River, Town Point Reach, Norfolk, VA: 
The Coast Guard will enforce a safety zone regulation for Norfolk's 41st Annual Independence Day Fireworks on July 4, 2023, to provide for the safety of life on navigable waterways during this event. Our regulation for marine events within the Fifth Coast Guard District identifies the regulated area for this event in Norfolk, VA. During the enforcement period, entry of vessels or persons into this zone is prohibited unless specifically authorized by the Captain of the Port Virginia. 
Safety Zone; Fireworks Display, Chesapeake Bay, Virginia Beach, VA: 
The Coast Guard will enforce a safety zone regulation for Ocean Park Civic League on July 1st, 2023, to provide for the safety of life on navigable waterways during this event. Our regulation for marine events within the Fifth Coast Guard District identifies the regulated area for this event in Virginia Beach, VA. During the enforcement period, entry of vessels or persons into this zone is prohibited unless specifically authorized by the Captain of the Port Virginia. 
Safety Zone; Potomac River, Between Charles County, MD and King George County, VA: 
The Coast Guard is establishing a temporary safety zone for certain waters of the Potomac River. This action is necessary to provide for the safety of life on these navigable waters at the old Governor Harry W. Nice/Senator Thomas ``Mac'' Middleton Memorial (US- 301) Bridge during demolition operations from March 13, 2023 through March 29, 2023. This proposed rulemaking would prohibit persons and vessels from being in the safety zone unless authorized by the Captain of the Port, Maryland-National Capital Region or a designated representative. 
Safety Zone; Riverfest Fireworks Display, Neches River, Port Neches, Texas: 
The Coast Guard will enforce a safety zone for the Riverfest fireworks display on the Neches River in Port Neches, TX from 8:30 p.m. through 10 p.m. on May 6, 2023 to provide for the safety of life on navigable waterways during this event. Our regulation for fireworks displays and other events within the Eighth Coast Guard District identifies the regulated area for this event in Port Neches, TX. During the enforcement periods, the operator of any vessel in the regulated area must comply with directions from the Patrol Commander or designated representative. 
Special Local Regulations; Riverfest Power Boat Races, Neches River, Port Neches, Texas: 
The Coast Guard will enforce special local regulation for the Riverfest boat races on the Neches River in Port Neches, TX from May 5, 2023 through May 7, 2023 to provide for the safety of life on navigable waterways during this event. Our regulation for marine events within the Eighth Coast Guard District identifies the regulated area for this event in Port Neches, TX. During the enforcement periods, the operator of any vessel in the regulated area must comply with directions from the Patrol Commander or designated representative. 
Special Local Regulation; Sail Grand Prix, Season 3 Race Event; San Francisco, CA: 
The Coast Guard is proposing to establish a temporary special local regulation in the navigable waters of San Francisco Bay in San Francisco, CA in support of the San Francisco Sail Grand Prix, Season 3 race periods on May 4, 2023, through May 7, 2023. This special local regulation is necessary to provide for the safety of life on these navigable waters and to ensure the safety of mariners transiting the area from the dangers associated with high-speed sailing activities associated with the Sail Grand Prix race event. This proposed rulemaking would temporarily prohibit persons and vessels from entering, transiting through, anchoring, blocking, or loitering within the event area adjacent to the city of San Francisco waterfront near the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz Island, unless authorized by the Captain of the Port San Francisco or a designated representative. We invite your comments on this proposed rulemaking. 
National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee; March 2023 Meetings: 
The National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee (Committee) will conduct a series of meetings over three days in New Orleans, LA, to discuss issues relating to personnel in the United States Merchant Marine including the training, qualifications, certification, documentation, and fitness of mariners. 
Waterway Suitability Assessment for Operation of Liquified Hazardous Gas Terminal; Orange, TX: 
In accordance with Coast Guard regulations, Enterprise Products has submitted a Letter of Intent and Preliminary Waterway Suitability Assessment to the Coast Guard Captain of the Port, Port Arthur, TX (COTP) regarding the company's plans to handle and transport Liquefied Hazardous Gas (LHG) at the Enterprise Products East docks located in Orange, TX. The Coast Guard is notifying the public of this proposed increase in LHG marine traffic on the Sabine-Neches Waterway and is soliciting comments relevant to the Coast Guard's preparation of a Letter of Recommendation (LOR) for issue to the Federal, State or local agency with jurisdiction over the proposed facility. 
Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee: 
The Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee (COAC) will hold its quarterly meeting on Wednesday, March 29, 2023, in Seattle, Washington. The meeting will be open for the public to attend in person or via webinar. Due to COVID-19 restrictions, the in-person capacity is limited to 75 persons for public attendees. 
Increased Forty-Year Term for Loan Modifications: 
HUD's regulations allow mortgagees to modify a Federal Housing Administration (FHA) insured mortgage by recasting the total unpaid loan for a term limited to 360 months to cure a borrower's default. This rule amends HUD's regulation to allow for mortgagees to recast the total unpaid loan for a new term limit of 480 months. Increasing the maximum term limit to 480 months will allow mortgagees to further reduce the borrower's monthly payment as the outstanding balance would be spread over a longer time frame, providing more borrowers with FHA- insured mortgages the ability to retain their homes after default. This change will also align FHA with modifications available to borrowers with mortgages backed by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), which both currently provide a 40-year loan modification option. This final rule adopts HUD's April 1, 2022, proposed rule without change. 
Certain Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Products From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results of Countervailing Duty Administrative Review; 2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that countervailable subsidies were provided to a producer and/or exporter of certain crystalline silicon photovoltaic products (solar products) from the People's Republic of China (China) during the period of review (POR) January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results. 
Low Melt Polyester Staple Fiber From the Republic of Korea: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that Toray Advanced Materials Korea, Inc. (TAK) made sales of subject merchandise at less than normal value during the period of review (POR), August 1, 2020, through July 31, 2021. 
Steel Propane Cylinders From Thailand: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that Sahamitr Pressure Container Plc. (also known as Sahamitr Pressure Container Public Company Limited) (SMPC) made sales of subject merchandise in the United States at prices below normal value (NV) during the period of review (POR) August 1, 2020, through July 31, 2021. 
Strontium Chromate From France: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) is conducting an administrative review of the antidumping duty order on strontium chromate from France. The period of review (POR) is November 1, 2020, through October 31, 2021. The review covers one producer/exporter of the subject merchandise, Soci[eacute]t[eacute] Nouvelle des Couleurs Zinciques (SNCZ). We determine that sales of subject merchandise by SNCZ were made at less than normal value (NV). 
Notice of Receipt of Complaint; Solicitation of Comments Relating to the Public Interest: 
Notice is hereby given that the U.S. International Trade Commission has received a complaint entitled Certain Dermatological Treatment Devices and Components Thereof, DN 3670; the Commission is soliciting comments on any public interest issues raised by the complaint or complainant's filing pursuant to the Commission's Rules of Practice and Procedure. 
Certain Universal Golf Club Shaft and Golf Club Head Connection Adaptors, Certain Components Thereof, and Products Containing the Same (II); Institution of Investigation: 
Notice is hereby given that a complaint was filed with the U.S. International Trade Commission on February 2, 2023, under section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, on behalf of Club-Conex LLC of Scottdale, Arizona. A supplement to the complaint was filed on February 7, 2023. The complaint alleges violations of section 337 based upon the importation into the United States, the sale for importation, and the sale within the United States after importation of certain universal golf club shaft and golf club head connection adaptors, certain components thereof, and products containing the same by reason of the infringement of certain claims of U.S. Patent No. 11,426,638 (``the '638 patent''). The complaint further alleges that an industry in the United States exists as required by the applicable Federal Statute. The complainant requests that the Commission institute an investigation and, after the investigation, issue a limited exclusion order and a cease and desist order. 
Paper Clips From China; Scheduling of an Expedited Five-Year Review: 
The Commission hereby gives notice of the scheduling of an expedited review pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act'') to determine whether revocation of the antidumping duty order on paper clips from China would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury within a reasonably foreseeable time. 
Certification Pursuant to Section 7041(a)(1) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2021: 
The State Department is publishing a Determination signed by the Secretary of State. 
Notice of Open Public Hearing: 
Notice is hereby given of the following hearing of the U.S.- China Economic and Security Review Commission. The Commission is mandated by Congress to investigate, assess, and report to Congress annually on ``the national security implications of the economic relationship between the United States and the People's Republic of China.'' Pursuant to this mandate, the Commission will hold a public hearing in Washington, DC on March 23, 2023 on ``China's Global Influence and Interference Activities.'' 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA proposes to adopt a new airworthiness directive (AD) for all Airbus SAS Model A318, A319, A320, and A321 series airplanes. This proposed AD was prompted by reports where the passenger door external handle mechanism was not retrieving its normal, flush position when the door was being closed. This proposed AD would require a one- time cleaning and lubrication of the external door handle mechanism of each affected door, and would limit the installation of affected parts, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is proposed for incorporation by reference (IBR). The FAA is proposing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA proposes to supersede Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2017-06-07, which applies to all Airbus SAS Model A330-200 Freighter, - 200, and -300 series airplanes; and A340-200, -300, -500, and -600 series airplanes. AD 2017-06-07 requires identification of potentially affected inboard flap parts, a one-time eddy current inspection to identify which material the parts are made of, and, depending on findings, replacement with serviceable parts. Since the FAA issued AD 2017-06-07, it was determined that, even if affected inboard flaps were not installed on airplanes during production, affected inboard flaps could be installed on airplanes as spare parts. This proposed AD would continue to require the actions in AD 2017-06-07, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is proposed for incorporation by reference (IBR). This proposed AD would also reduce the allowance for the installation of affected parts under certain conditions. The FAA is proposing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; DAHER AEROSPACE (Type Certificate Previously Held by SOCATA) Airplanes: 
The FAA proposes to adopt a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain DAHER AEROSPACE (type certificate previously held by SOCATA) Model TBM 700 airplanes. This proposed AD was prompted by mandatory continuing airworthiness information (MCAI) issued by the aviation authority of another country to identify and correct an unsafe condition on an aviation product. The MCAI identifies the unsafe condition as interference between the emergency exit trim panel and the upholstery panel, which could result in additional effort required to open the emergency exit door. This proposed AD would require modification of the gripping strap, which maintains the upholstery panel on the emergency exit trim panel. The FAA is proposing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. Airplanes: 
The FAA proposes to supersede Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2021-10-28, which applies to all Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. (Pilatus) Model PC-24 airplanes. AD 2021-10-28 requires incorporating new revisions to the airworthiness limitations section (ALS) of the existing airplane maintenance manual (AMM) or Instructions for Continued Airworthiness (ICA) to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations. Since the FAA issued AD 2021-10-28, the FAA has determined that new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This proposed AD would require revising the ALS of the existing AMM or ICA for your airplane, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is proposed for incorporation by reference (IBR). The FAA is proposing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Notice of Opportunity for Public Comment on Non-Rule Making Action at the GV Montgomery Airport (2M4) Located in Forest, Mississippi: 
Notice is being given that the FAA is considering a request from the City of Forest, MS to waive the requirement that a 1.90<plus- minus> acre parcel of airport property, located at the GV Montgomery Airport in Forest, Mississippi, be used for aeronautical purposes. 
Broker and Freight Forwarder Financial Responsibility: 
FMCSA is extending the comment period for its January 5, 2023, NPRM proposing rules to regulate broker and freight forwarder financial responsibility in five separate areas: Assets readily available; immediate suspension of broker/freight forwarder operating authority; surety or trust responsibilities in cases of broker/freight forwarder financial failure or insolvency; enforcement authority; and entities eligible to provide trust funds for form BMC-85 trust fund filings. As originally published in the NPRM, the deadline for comments was March 5, 2023. However, FMCSA is extending this comment period to April 6, 2023, in anticipation of a public listening session allowing comments on this topic. The session will be hosted by FMCSA at 10:00 a.m. on March 31, 2023, in Louisville, KY, and held concurrently with the Mid America Trucking Show (MATS). Anyone wishing to attend can register at: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fmcsa-session-2-broker-regulatory-session- tickets-549535173497. In addition, a transcript of the public listening session will be placed in the rulemaking docket. 
Definitions of Broker and Bona Fide Agents: 
FMCSA is reopening the comment period for its interim guidance, Definitions of Broker and Bona Fide Agents. The interim guidance informs the public and regulated entities about FMCSA's interpretation of the definitions of broker and bona fide agents as it relates to all brokers of transportation by commercial motor vehicle. FMCSA is taking this action to better define the terms in response to a mandate in the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA). After consideration of public comments received, FMCSA provided clarification on its interpretation of the definitions of broker and bona fide agents, in addition to meeting other criteria required by the IIJA. While the interim guidance was effective immediately upon publication, FMCSA sought comments to the interim guidance and will issue final guidance by June 16, 2023. FMCSA is reopening the comment period in anticipation of hosting a public listening session allowing comments on this topic. FMCSA will host the session at 10 a.m. on March 31, 2023, in Louisville, KY, and concurrently with the Mid America Trucking Show (MATS). Anyone wishing to attend can register at: https:// www.eventbrite.com/e/fmcsa-session-2-broker-regulatory-session-tickets- 549535173497. In addition, a transcript of the public listening session will be placed in the guidance docket. 
Property Broker Listening Session; Public Meeting: 
FMCSA announces that it will host a listening session pertaining to property brokers. Specifically, the Agency would like to hear from members of the public on two matters relating to the regulation of property brokers: (1) a January 5, 2023 notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM) proposing to regulate five separate areas of broker (and freight forwarder) financial responsibility: assets readily available; immediate suspension of broker/freight forwarder operating authority; surety or trust responsibilities in cases of broker/freight forwarder financial failure or insolvency; enforcement authority; and entities eligible to provide trust funds for form BMC-85 trust fund filings; and (2) the November 16, 2022, interim guidance regarding FMCSA's interpretation of the definitions of broker and bona fide agents as it relates to all brokers of transportation by motor vehicle. This FMCSA-hosted listening session will be open to all interested persons and will take place concurrently with the Mid America Trucking Show (MATS) in Louisville, KY. All comments will be transcribed and placed in the public dockets for both regulatory actions. Individuals with diverse experiences and perspectives are encouraged to attend. 
Seaway Regulations and Rules: Periodic Update, Various Categories: 
The Great Lakes St. Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation (GLS) and the St. Lawrence Seaway Management Corporation (SLSMC) of Canada, under international agreement, jointly publish and presently administer the St. Lawrence Seaway Regulations and Rules (Practices and Procedures in Canada) in their respective jurisdictions. Under agreement with the SLSMC, the GLS is amending the joint regulations by updating the Regulations and Rules in various categories. These changes are to clarify existing requirements in the regulations. 
Notice of OFAC Sanctions Actions: 
The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Assets Control (OFAC) is publishing the names of one or more persons that have been placed on OFAC's Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (SDN List) based on OFAC's determination that one or more applicable legal criteria were satisfied. All property and interests in property subject to U.S. jurisdiction of these persons are blocked, and U.S. persons are generally prohibited from engaging in transactions with them. OFAC is also publishing updates to the identifying information of five persons currently included on the SDN List. 
Notice of OFAC Sanctions Actions: 
The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) is publishing the names of one or more persons that have been placed on OFAC's Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (SDN List) based on OFAC's determination that one or more applicable legal criteria were satisfied. All property and interests in property subject to U.S. jurisdiction of these persons are blocked, and U.S. persons are generally prohibited from engaging in transactions with them. Additionally, OFAC is publishing updates to the identifying information of one person currently included on the SDN List. 
NASA Astrophysics Advisory Committee; Meeting: 
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) announces a meeting of the Astrophysics Advisory Committee. This Committee reports to the Director, Astrophysics Division, Science Mission Directorate, NASA Headquarters. The meeting will be held for the purpose of soliciting, from the scientific community and other persons, scientific and technical information relevant to program planning. 
Board of Visitors, Marine Corps University; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Meeting: 
The DoD is publishing this notice to announce that the following Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the Board of Visitors, Marine Corps University (``the Board'') will take place. 
Decrease of Assessment Rate for Texas Oranges and Grapefruit: 
This final rule implements a recommendation from the Texas Valley Citrus Committee to decrease the assessment rate established for the 2022-23 and subsequent fiscal periods. The assessment rate will remain in effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated. 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule Numbers for the Paper and Paper-Based Packaging Products: 
This final rule updates the Harmonized Tariff Schedule (HTS) numbers for paper and paper-based packaging products in the Paper and Paper-Based Packaging Promotion, Research, and Information Order (Order). In addition, this action adds new language that allows assessment collection to continue even if HTS numbers change in the future. The Paper and Packaging Board (Board) administers the Order with oversight by the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS). 
Dried Prunes Produced in California; Increased Assessment Rate: 
This rule implements a recommendation from the Prune Marketing Committee (Committee) to increase the assessment rate established for the 2022-23 crop year. The assessment rate will remain in effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated. 
Florida Citrus Marketing Order; Exemption for Pummelos: 
This rule implements a recommendation from the Citrus Administrative Committee (Committee) to exempt pummelos from requirements prescribed under the Florida citrus marketing order. This change exempts pummelos from all requirements under the marketing order, including registration, assessment, and reporting requirements. 
Notice of Intent To Certify Delegated Agencies: Alabama Department of Agriculture and Industries and the Washington State Department of Agriculture; Request for Comments: 
AMS is asking for comments on the quality of official services at export port locations provided by the following delegated states: Alabama Department of Agriculture and Industries (Alabama) and the Washington State Department of Agriculture (Washington). We consider comments and other available information when determining certification. 
Revocation of Two Authorizations of Emergency Use of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices for Detection and/or Diagnosis of COVID-19; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is announcing the revocation of the Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs) (the Authorizations) issued to Babson Diagnostics, Inc., for the Babson Diagnostics aC19G1, and Twist Bioscience Corporation for the SARS-CoV-2 NGS Assay. FDA revoked these Authorizations under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) as requested by each Authorization holder. The revocations, which include an explanation of the reasons for each revocation, are reprinted at the end of this document. 
Privacy Act of 1974; Notice of New System of Records: 
In accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, the National Indian Gaming Commission (NIGC) is issuing notice of its intent to establish a new system of records entitled, ``Payroll, Attendance, Retirement, and Leave Records--NIGC-3.'' This system of records will allow the NIGC to manage human resources and payroll functions and will be included in the NIGC's inventory of record systems. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
In accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, the NIGC is issuing public notice of its intent to modify an existing system of records entitled, Management Contract Individuals Record System. This system of records is used to maintain information that is collected in the course of conducting background investigations on individuals who are contracted to manage Tribal gaming operations and enterprises. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
In accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, the NIGC is issuing public notice of its intent to modify an existing system of records entitled, Indian Gaming Individuals Record System. This system of records includes information submitted to the NIGC so that it may review and verify eligibility determinations of key employees and primary management officials for tribal licenses in Indian gaming enterprises. 
In the Matter of Schools and Libraries Universal Support Mechanism, Federal-State Joint Board on Universal Service, Changes to the Board of Directors of the National Exchange Carrier Association, Inc.: 
In this document, the Federal Communications Commission (Commission) seeks comment on ways to further improve E-Rate program rules and encourage greater Tribal participation in the E-Rate program. The Commission also seeks comment on whether there are other small or rural non-Tribal applicants that face similar barriers that impact their equitable access to the E-Rate program. 
First-Time Filer Expedited Examination Pilot Program: 
The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO or Office) and its Council for Inclusive Innovation (CI\2\) are developing strategies to create a more equitable and diverse innovation ecosystem. As one strategy, the USPTO is implementing the First-Time Filer Expedited Examination Pilot Program, designed to increase accessibility to the patent system for inventors who are new to the patent application process, including those in historically underserved geographic and economic areas. The program expedites the first Office action for program participants. Expediting the first Office action reduces time-based barriers for inventors who may otherwise be unable to participate in the patent system, thereby advancing opportunity in the innovation ecosystem. The program requires participants to be reasonably trained in the patent application process so they can engage effectively with the Office and maximize the benefit of expedited examination. The pilot program website identifies a collection of free training resources for anyone interested in learning more about the patent application filing process. This notice outlines the conditions, eligibility requirements, and guidelines of the program. 
Safeguarding Advisory Client Assets: 
The Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'' or ``SEC'') is proposing a new rule under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (``Advisers Act'' or ``Act'') to address how investment advisers safeguard client assets. To effect our redesignation of the current custody rule for the proposed new safeguarding rule, we are proposing to renumber the current rule. In addition we are proposing to amend certain provisions of the current custody rule for enhanced investor protections. We also are proposing corresponding amendments to the recordkeeping rule under the Advisers Act and to Form ADV for investment adviser registration under the Advisers Act. 
Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Jersey; Motor Vehicle Enhanced Inspection and Maintenance Program; Diesel Opacity Cutpoints: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is approving revisions to the State Implementation Plan (SIP) submitted by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (NJDEP) in 2009 for New Jersey's motor vehicle inspection and maintenance (I/M) program. This final rule will maintain consistency between the State adopted rules and the federally approved New Jersey SIP. The EPA proposed to approve this rule on October 20, 2022, and received no comments. 
Diglycerol in Pesticide Formulations; Tolerance Exemption: 
This regulation establishes an exemption from the requirement of a tolerance for residues of diglycerol when used as an inert ingredient (plasticizer) on growing crops and raw agricultural commodities pre- and post-harvest. This regulation eliminates the need to establish a maximum permissible level for residues of diglycerol, when used in accordance with the terms of the exemption. This regulation also amends the tolerance exemption 2,6-pyridinedicarboxylic acid by correcting the CAS Reg. No. 
Mandestrobin; Pesticide Tolerances: 
This regulation establishes a tolerance for residues of mandestrobin in or on Vegetable, tuberous and corm, except potato, subgroup 1D. The Interregional Project Number 4 (IR-4) requested this tolerance under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA). 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status With Section 4(d) Rule for Longsolid and Round Hickorynut and Designation of Critical Habitat: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service), determine threatened species status under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (Act), as amended, for the longsolid (Fusconaia subrotunda) and round hickorynut (Obovaria subrotunda), freshwater mussels. We also designate critical habitat for both species. For the longsolid, in total, approximately 1,115 river miles (1,794 river kilometers) fall within 12 units of critical habitat in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Tennessee, and Alabama. For the round hickorynut, in total, approximately 921 river miles (1,482 river kilometers) fall within 14 units of critical habitat in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, West Virginia, Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississippi. We also finalize a rule under the authority of section 4(d) of the Act for both species that provides measures that are necessary and advisable to provide for the conservation of these species. 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Petition Finding for Joshua Trees (Yucca brevifolia and Y. jaegeriana): 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service), announce a 12-month finding on a petition to list Joshua trees (Yucca brevifolia and Y. jaegeriana) as endangered or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, as amended (Act). After a thorough review of the best available scientific and commercial information, we find that listing Joshua trees as endangered or threatened species is not warranted. However, we ask the public to submit to us any new information that becomes available concerning the threats to the Joshua trees or their habitat at any time. 
Land Uses; Special Uses; Cost Recovery, Strict Liability Limit, and Insurance: 
The Forest Service (Forest Service or Agency), United States Department of Agriculture, is proposing to amend its special use regulations to update the processing and monitoring fee schedules based on current Agency costs; to provide for recovery of costs associated with processing special use proposals, as well as applications; and to remove the exemption for commercial recreation special use applications and authorizations that involve 50 hours or less to process or monitor. In addition, the Forest Service is proposing to amend its special use regulations to increase the strict liability limit consistent with the strict liability limit established by the United States Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, and to expressly provide for requiring holders of a special use authorization to obtain insurance, as needed. 
Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish Managed Under the Individual Fishing Quota Program: 
NMFS is opening directed fishing for sablefish with fixed gear managed under the Individual Fishing Quota (IFQ) Program and the Community Development Quota (CDQ) Program. The season will open 1200 hours, Alaska local time (A.l.t.), March 10, 2023, and will close 1200 hours, A.l.t., December 7, 2023. This period is the same as the 2023 commercial halibut fishery opening dates adopted by the International Pacific Halibut Commission. The IFQ and CDQ halibut season is specified by a separate publication in the Federal Register of annual management measures. 
Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Framework Adjustment 17 to the Summer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Bass Fishery Management Plan, and Framework Adjustment 6 to the Bluefish Fishery Management Plan: 
This action implements Framework Adjustment 17 to the Summer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Bass Fishery Management Plan and Framework Adjustment 6 to the Bluefish Fishery Management Plan. This framework was developed by the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council in conjunction with the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission to revise the process for setting recreational management measures and recreational accountability measures for summer flounder, scup, black sea bass, and bluefish. Recreational management and accountability measures prevent overfishing while balancing recreational fishing opportunities. 
Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Spiny Dogfish Fishery; 2023 Specifications: 
NMFS proposes specifications for the 2023 Atlantic spiny dogfish fishery, as recommended by the Mid-Atlantic and New England Fishery Management Councils. This action is necessary to establish allowable harvest levels for the spiny dogfish fishery to prevent overfishing while enabling optimum yield, using the best scientific information available. This rule also informs the public of the proposed fishery specifications and provides an opportunity for comment. 
Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to U.S. Navy Construction of the Pier 3 Replacement Project at Naval Station Norfolk: 
NMFS has received a request from the U.S. Navy (Navy) for authorization to take marine mammals incidental to the replacement of Pier 3 at Naval Station (NAVSTA) Norfolk in Norfolk, Virginia over the course of five years (2023-2028). Pursuant to the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA), NMFS is proposing regulations to govern that take, and requests comments on the proposed regulations. Agency responses will be included in the notice of the final decision. 
Recapture of Excess Employment Tax Credits Under the American Relief Plan Act of 2021; Correction: 
This document contains corrections to a temporary regulation (TD 9953) that was published in the Federal Register on September 10, 2021. These temporary regulations authorize the assessment of any erroneous refund of the tax credits paid under sections 3131, 3132 (including any increases in those credits under section 3133), and 3134 of the Code. 
Filing of Plats of Survey, Wyoming: 
The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) is scheduled to file plats of survey 30 calendar days from the date of this publication in the BLM Wyoming State Office, Cheyenne, Wyoming. These surveys, which were executed at the request of the U.S. Forest Service and the BLM are necessary for the management of these lands. 
Guidance for Grants and Agreements: 
This document corrects the Action caption to a notification of proposed guidance published in the Federal Register of February 9, 2023. The proposed revisions to the OMB Guidance for Grants and Agreements were limited in scope to support implementation of the Build America, Buy America Act provisions of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act; and to clarify existing requirements. The notification was incorrectly categorized in the Action caption as a proposed rule. This correction clarifies that the notification of proposed guidance is not a proposed rule. 
Product Change-Priority Mail, First-Class Package Service & Parcel Select Negotiated Service Agreement: 
The Postal Service gives notice of filing a request with the Postal Regulatory Commission to add a domestic shipping services contract to the list of Negotiated Service Agreements in the Mail Classification Schedule's Competitive Products List. 
Supplemental Evidence and Data Request on Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause: 
The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) is seeking scientific information submissions from the public. Scientific information is being solicited to inform our review on Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause, which is currently being conducted by the AHRQ's Evidence-based Practice Centers (EPC) Program. Access to published and unpublished pertinent scientific information will improve the quality of this review. 
Proposed Information Collection Activity; Generic for Administration for Children and Families Program Monitoring Activities (Office of Management and Budget): 
The Administration for Children and Families (ACF) intends to request from the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) an extension of approval for an umbrella generic clearance for information collections related to ACF program office monitoring activities. ACF programs promote the economic and social well-being of families, children, individuals, and communities. The Generic for ACF Program Monitoring Activities allows ACF program offices to collect standardized information from recipients that receive federal funds to ensure oversight, evaluation, support purposes, and stewardship of federal funds. There are no changes proposed to the terms of the generic. Burden estimates have been updated. 
Freedom of Information Act Predisclosure Notice: 
This notice informs submitters who reported COVID-19 data in 2020 for the High-Impact Area Distribution that HRSA received a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request for data reported to HHS that was used in determining COVID-19 High-Impact Area Distribution payments under the Provider Relief Fund. Specifically, the request seeks certain information pertaining to providers who did not receive COVID-19 High- Impact Area Distribution payments. This notice seeks input from these providers so that HRSA can respond to the FOIA request. 
Minimum Standards for Driver's Licenses and Identification Cards Acceptable by Federal Agencies for Official Purposes; Extending Enforcement Date: 
On May 3, 2021, DHS published an interim final rule (IFR) extending the card-based enforcement deadline to May 3, 2023. This rule finalizes that IFR and further extends the date for card-based enforcement of the REAL ID regulations from May 3, 2023 until May 7, 2025. Beginning on that date, Federal agencies are prohibited from accepting a state-issued driver's license or identification card for official purposes unless such license or card is a REAL ID compliant driver's license or identification card issued by a state that DHS has determined is in full compliance as defined under this part. The current regulations also permit Federal agencies to accept noncompliant driver's licenses and identification cards for official purposes until May 2, 2023. This rule also extends that date, authorizing Federal agencies to continue to accept non-compliant driver's licenses and identification cards for official purposes until May 6, 2025. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, the Department of the Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer (OCHCO) is issuing a public notice of its intent to establish a Privacy Act System of Records titled ``Hardship Reassignment''. The purpose of this system of records is to allow HUD to collect and maintain records on individuals requesting a reassignment due to a hardship. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, the Department of the Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is issuing a public notice of its intent to modify the Multifamily Housing Privacy Act system of records for the Comprehensive Servicing and Monitoring System (CSMS). The modification will clarify the location of records; the system manager; authority for maintenance of the system; and routine uses of records in the system. 
Section 8 Housing Assistance Payments Program-Annual Adjustment Factors, Fiscal Year 2023: 
The United States Housing Act of 1937 requires that certain assistance contracts signed by owners participating in the Department's Section 8 housing assistance payment programs provide annual adjustments to monthly rentals for units covered by the contracts. For owners subject to a Reserve for Replacement deposit requirement, HUD also requires that the amount of the required deposit be adjusted each year by the AAF. This notice announces FY 2023 AAFs for such adjustments. The factors are based on a formula using residential rent and utility cost changes from the most recent annual Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) Consumer Price Index (CPI) survey. 
Inland Waterways Users Board Meeting Notice: 
The Department of the Army is publishing this notice to announce the Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Inland Waterways Users Board (Board). This meeting is open to the public. For additional information about the Board, please visit the committee's website at https://www.iwr.usace.army.mil/ Missions/Navigation/Inland-Waterways-Users-Board/. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the California Advisory Committee: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) that the California Advisory Committee (Committee) will hold a virtual business meeting via ZoomGov on Tuesday, March 21, 2023, from 1 p.m.-2:30 p.m. Pacific. The purpose of the meeting is to review and discuss the latest draft of their report on the civil rights implications of AB5. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the Nebraska Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act that the Nebraska Advisory Committee (Committee) to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights will hold a meeting on Thursday, March 23, 2023 at 4 p.m.-5 p.m. Central Time. The purpose for the meeting is to discuss the proposal for their project on the effects of the pandemic on education in the state. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the Nevada Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act, that the Nevada Advisory Committee (Committee) to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights will hold a virtual business meeting via ZoomGov at 9 a.m. Pacific on Tuesday, March 14, 2023. The purpose of the meeting is for the Committee to discuss possible briefing dates and vote to approve potential panelists. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the Nevada Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act, that the Nevada Advisory Committee (Committee) to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights will hold a virtual business meeting via ZoomGov at 9 a.m. Pacific on Tuesday, March 14, 2023. The purpose of the meeting is for the Committee to discuss possible briefing dates and vote to approve potential panelists. 
Notice of Public Briefings of the Ohio Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act, that the Ohio Advisory Committee (Committee) to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights will hold a briefing via web conference. The purpose of the briefing is to hear testimony on the source of income discrimination in housing in Ohio. Additional briefings may be scheduled at the Committee discretion, throughout the Spring of 2023. 
Voluntary Voting System Guidelines; Request for Comments: 
The U.S. Election Assistance Commission (EAC) is seeking public comments as a key component of its annual review of the Voluntary Voting System Guidelines (VVSG). The public comment period will last for 90 days. This will allow all stakeholders to provide comments concerning the current iteration of the VVSG, presently version 2.0, to the EAC. These public comments will be posted on the EAC website. Substantive comments will be reviewed and considered for inclusion in an annual report detailing proposed changes to the VVSG 2.0. This process is defined in detail in the EAC's VVSG Lifecycle policy: https:// www.eac.gov/sites/default/files/TestingCertification/ VVSG_Lifecycle_Policy_9_22.pdf. 
Certain Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Products From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review, Partial Rescission of Antidumping Administrative Review, and Preliminary Determination of No Shipments; 2021-2022: 
This notice contains the preliminary results of the U.S. Department of Commerce's (Commerce) administrative review of the antidumping duty order on certain crystalline silicon photovoltaic products (solar products) from the People's Republic of China (China) covering the period of review (POR) February 1, 2021, through January 31, 2022. Commerce preliminarily finds that the sole mandatory respondent under review sold subject merchandise at prices below normal value (NV) during the POR, that two companies under review had no entries, exports, or sales of solar products during the POR, and that it is appropriate to rescind this review with respect to 54 companies/ company groupings because all requests to review these companies/ company groupings were timely withdrawn. Interested parties are invited to comment on these preliminary results of review. 
Ripe Olives From Spain: Final Results of Countervailing Duty Administrative Review; 2020: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that certain exporters/producers of ripe olives from Spain received countervailable subsidies during the period of review (POR) January 1, 2020, through December 31, 2020. 
Certain Computer Network Security Equipment and Systems, Related Software, Components Thereof, and Products Containing Same; Notice of Commission Determination Not To Review an Initial Determination Granting a Motion for Leave To Amend the Complaint and Notice of Investigation: 
Notice is hereby given that the U.S. International Trade Commission (``Commission'') has determined not to review an initial determination (``ID'') (Order No. 32) granting complainants' motion for leave to amend the complaint and notice of investigation to reflect a corporate name change. 
Certain LTE- and 3G-Compliant Cellular Communications Devices; Notice of a Commission Determination To Dismiss as Moot a Portion of the Complaint; Termination of Remand Proceeding: 
Notice is hereby given that, on October 24, 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (``Federal Circuit'') issued a mandate with instructions to dismiss as moot the portion of the complaint filed in the above-captioned investigation relating to U.S. Patent No. 6,760,590 (``the '590 patent''), which expired during the pendency of an appeal before the Court. The Commission hereby dismisses that portion of the complaint. The remand proceeding is hereby terminated. 
Establishment of United States Area Navigation (RNAV) Route T-380; Emmonak, AK: 
This action delays the effective date of a final rule published in the Federal Register on November 28, 2022, establishing area navigation (RNAV) route T-380 in the vicinity of Emmonak, AK. The FAA is delaying the effective date to allow sufficient time for completion of the required flight inspection of the route. 
Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments: 
This rule establishes, amends, suspends, or removes Standard Instrument Approach Procedures (SIAPS) and associated Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure procedures (ODPs) for operations at certain airports. These regulatory actions are needed because of the adoption of new or revised criteria, or because of changes occurring in the National Airspace System, such as the commissioning of new navigational facilities, adding new obstacles, or changing air traffic requirements. These changes are designed to provide safe and efficient use of the navigable airspace and to promote safe flight operations under instrument flight rules at the affected airports. 
Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments: 
This rule amends, suspends, or removes Standard Instrument Approach Procedures (SIAPs) and associated Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures for operations at certain airports. These regulatory actions are needed because of the adoption of new or revised criteria, or because of changes occurring in the National Airspace System, such as the commissioning of new navigational facilities, adding new obstacles, or changing air traffic requirements. These changes are designed to provide for the safe and efficient use of the navigable airspace and to promote safe flight operations under instrument flight rules at the affected airports. 
Revocation of Very High Frequency (VHF) Omnidirectional Range (VOR) Federal Airway V-489; Galena, AK: 
This action proposes to revoke Alaskan VOR Federal Airway V- 489. The FAA is taking this action due to automated flight plan conflicts between New York Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC) and Anchorage ARTCC when pilots file V-489 in flight plans. 
Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace, and Proposed Establishment of Class E Airspace, Poughkeepsie, NY: 
This action proposes to amend Class D airspace and Class E surface airspace and establish Class E airspace designated as an extension to a Class D surface area for Hudson Valley Regional Airport, Poughkeepsie, NY, as an airspace evaluation determined an update is necessary. 
Parts and Accessories Necessary for Safe Operation; Exemption Application From Waymo LLC, and Aurora Operations, Inc.: 
FMCSA clarifies its March 3, 2023, notice announcing an application from Waymo LLC (Waymo) and Aurora Operations, Inc. (Aurora) for a 5-year exemption from the required placement of warning devices around stopped commercial motor vehicles (CMVs); the requirement that lamps for warning devices be steady-burning; and to allow use of a warning device for stopped vehicles not currently allowed by Agency rules. FMCSA clarifies that the application was filed by Waymo and Aurora on behalf of a class of motor carriers operating autonomous driving systems (ADS) equipped CMVs and is not limited to Waymo or Aurora. The Agency also extends the public comment period on the request for an exemption. 
Brightline Trains Florida, LLC's Positive Train Control Safety Plan and Request for Positive Train Control System Certification: 
This document provides the public with notice that, on February 28, 2023, Brightline Trains Florida, LLC (BLF) submitted its Positive Train Control Safety Plan (PTCSP), Version 1.0, dated January 30, 2023, to FRA's Secure Information Repository. BLF asks FRA to approve its PTCSP and certify BLF's Interoperable Electronic Train Management System (I-ETMS) as a mixed PTC system. 
Mammography Quality Standards Act: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA, Agency, or we) is issuing a final rule to update the mammography regulations that were issued under the Mammography Quality Standards Act of 1992 (MQSA) and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act). We are issuing updates to modernize the regulations by incorporating current science and mammography best practices. These updates are intended to improve the delivery of mammography services by strengthening the communication of healthcare information; allowing for more informed decision making by patients and providers (by requiring facilities to provide them with additional health information); helping to ensure the availability of qualified mammography personnel; bolstering the medical outcomes audit to provide feedback to improve mammography interpretations; modernizing technological aspects of the standards; and adding additional tools to deal with noncompliant facilities. 
New Animal Drugs; Approval of New Animal Drug Applications; Withdrawal of Approval of New Animal Drug Applications; Change of Sponsor; Change of Sponsor Name and Address: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or we) is amending the animal drug regulations to reflect application-related actions for new animal drug applications (NADAs) and abbreviated new animal drug applications (ANADAs) during July, August, and September 2022. FDA is informing the public of the availability of summaries of the basis of approval and of environmental review documents, where applicable. The animal drug regulations are also being amended to improve the accuracy and readability of the regulations. 
Proposed Requirements for Tobacco Product Manufacturing Practice; Public Hearing; Request for Comments: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA, the Agency, or we) is announcing a public oral hearing entitled ``Proposed Requirements for Tobacco Product Manufacturing Practice.'' The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) authorizes FDA to prescribe current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) or hazard analysis and critical control point methodology (HACCP) regulations related to the manufacture, preproduction design validation, packing, and storage of tobacco products to protect public health and ensure compliance with the FD&C Act. In accordance with this provision, FDA is proposing requirements for tobacco product manufacturing practice (TPMP) elsewhere in this issue of the Federal Register. The FD&C Act further requires FDA to afford an opportunity for an oral hearing on the proposed regulation. We are holding this public oral hearing to carry out this statutory mandate and obtain information and views on the proposed TPMP requirements. 
Proposed Requirements for Tobacco Products Manufacturing Practice; Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee; Notice of Meeting; Request for Comments: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announces a forthcoming public advisory committee meeting of the Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee (TPSAC). The general function of the committee is to provide advice and recommendations to FDA on regulatory issues related to tobacco products. This meeting will be held to discuss and provide an opportunity for recommendations on the Requirements for Tobacco Product Manufacturing Practice (TPMP) proposed rule. The meeting will be open to the public. 
Requirements for Tobacco Product Manufacturing Practice: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA, we, or Agency) is proposing to establish tobacco product manufacturing practice requirements for manufacturers of finished and bulk tobacco products. This proposed rule, if finalized, would set forth the requirements with which finished and bulk tobacco product manufacturers must comply in the manufacture, preproduction design validation, packing, and storage of finished and bulk tobacco products, to assure that the public health is protected and that tobacco products are in compliance with chapter IX of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act). 
Authorization of Emergency Use of Certain Medical Devices During COVID-19; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is announcing the issuance of Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs) (the Authorizations) for certain medical devices related to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) public health emergency. FDA has issued the Authorizations listed in this document under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act). These Authorizations contain, among other things, conditions on the emergency use of the authorized products. The Authorizations follow the February 4, 2020, determination by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) that there is a public health emergency that has a significant potential to affect national security or the health and security of U.S. citizens living abroad and that involves the virus that causes COVID-19, and the subsequent declarations on February 4, 2020, March 2, 2020, and March 24, 2020, that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of in vitro diagnostics for detection and/or diagnosis of the virus that causes COVID-19, personal respiratory protective devices, and medical devices, including alternative products used as medical devices, respectively, subject to the terms of any authorization issued under the FD&C Act. These Authorizations, which include an explanation of the reasons for issuance, are listed in this document, and can be accessed on FDA's website from the links indicated. 
Authorization of Emergency Use of an In Vitro Diagnostic Device in Response to an Outbreak of Mpox; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is announcing the issuance of an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) (the Authorization) under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) in response to an outbreak of mpox. FDA has issued an Authorization for an in vitro diagnostic device as requested by Cepheid. The Authorization contains, among other things, conditions on the emergency use of the authorized product. The Authorization follows the August 9, 2022, determination by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) that there is a public health emergency, or a significant potential for a public health emergency, that affects, or has a significant potential to affect, national security or the health and security of U.S. citizens living abroad, and that involves monkeypox virus. On the basis of such determination, the Secretary of HHS declared, on September 7, 2022, that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of in vitro diagnostics for detection and/or diagnosis of infection with the monkeypox virus, including in vitro diagnostics that detect and/or diagnose infection with non-variola Orthopoxvirus, pursuant to the FD&C Act, subject to terms of any authorization issued under that section. The Authorization, which includes an explanation of the reasons for issuance, is reprinted in this document. 
Alaska; Hunting and Trapping in National Preserves-Extension of Public Comment Period: 
The National Park Service extends the public comment period for a proposed rule that would amend regulations for sport hunting and trapping in national preserves in Alaska. Extending the comment period will allow more time for the public to review the proposal and submit comments. 
Notice of Intent To Repatriate Cultural Items: Hudson Museum, University of Maine, Orono, ME: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the Hudson Museum intends to repatriate a cultural item that meets the definition of an object of cultural patrimony and that has a cultural affiliation with the Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The cultural item was removed from the Haines Borough, AK. 
Notice of Intent To Repatriate Cultural Items: Hudson Museum, University of Maine, Orono, ME: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the Hudson Museum intends to repatriate a cultural item that meets the definition of an object of cultural patrimony and that has a cultural affiliation with the Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The cultural item was removed from Wrangell Borough, AK. 
Notice of Intent To Repatriate Cultural Items: Hudson Museum, University of Maine, Orono, ME: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the Hudson Museum intends to repatriate certain cultural items that meet the definition of objects of cultural patrimony and that have a cultural affiliation with the Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The cultural items were removed from Cattaraugus County, NY. 
Notice of Intent To Repatriate Cultural Items: Mukwonago Community Library, Mukwonago, WI: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the Mukwonago Community Library intends to repatriate a cultural item that meets the definition of an unassociated funerary object and that has a cultural affiliation with the Indian Tribes in this notice. The cultural item was removed from Sacramento County, CA. 
Notice of Intent To Repatriate Cultural Items: Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, MA: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (MFA) intends to repatriate certain cultural items that meet the definition of unassociated funerary objects and that have a cultural affiliation with the Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The cultural items were removed from a site between Matamoras and Dingman's Ferry in Pike County, Pennsylvania. 
Notice of Inventory Completion Amendment: U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Washington, DC: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) has amended a Notice of Inventory Completion published in the Federal Register on April 10, 2013. This notice amends the cultural affiliation of a collection removed from San Juan County, UT. 
Notice of Inventory Completion: Pittsburg State University, Pittsburg, KS: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the Pittsburg State University has completed an inventory of human remains and associated funerary objects and has determined that there is no cultural affiliation between the human remains and any Indian Tribe. The human remains were removed from Kings County, CA; Luna County, NM; and Muskogee County, OK. 
Notice of Inventory Completion: Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation, Division of Archaeology, Nashville, TN: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation, Division of Archaeology (TDEC-DOA) has completed an inventory of human remains and associated funerary objects and has determined that there is a cultural affiliation between the human remains and associated funerary objects and Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The human remains and associated funerary objects were removed from Hardin, Lincoln, Madison, Obion, Perry, Tipton, and Williamson Counties, TN. 
Notice of Inventory Completion: University of California San Diego, San Diego, CA: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the University of California San Diego has completed an inventory of human remains and associated funerary objects and has determined that there is a cultural affiliation between the human remains and associated funerary objects and Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The human remains and associated funerary objects were removed from San Diego County, CA. 
Notice of Inventory Completion: University of California San Diego, San Diego, CA: 
In accordance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the University of California San Diego has completed an inventory of human remains and associated funerary objects and has determined that there is a cultural affiliation between the human remains and associated funerary objects and Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations in this notice. The human remains and associated funerary objects were removed from San Diego County, CA. 
Authorization of Subgrants for The Rhonda Weiss National Technical Assistance Center To Improve State Capacity To Collect, Report, Analyze, and Use Accurate IDEA Data in Accessible Formats: 
Pursuant to the Education Department General Administrative Regulations, the Department of Education (Department) authorizes the grantee receiving an award under the Rhonda Weiss National Technical Assistance Center to Improve State Capacity to Collect, Report, Analyze, and Use Accurate IDEA Data in Accessible Formats (Accessible Data Center), (Assistance Listing Number (ALN) 84.373Q), to make subgrants, subject to the limitations described in this notice. 
Request for Information-Foundation for Energy Security and Innovation (FESI); Correction: 
On February 15, 2023, the Department of Energy (DOE) published in the Federal Register a RFI seeking input on how DOE stakeholders may engage with the Foundation for Energy Security and Innovation (FESI). This document makes a correction to that notice. 
Orders: Reporting by Regulated Entities of Stress Testing Results as of December 31, 2022; Summary Instructions and Guidance: 
In this document, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) provides notice that it issued Orders, dated March 7, 2023, with respect to stress test reporting as of December 31, 2022, under section 165(i)(2) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), as amended by section 401 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (EGRRCPA). Summary Instructions and Guidance accompanied the Orders to provide testing scenarios. 
Draft Regulatory Guide: Criteria for Programmable Digital Devices in Safety-Related Systems of Nuclear Power Plants: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is issuing for public comment a draft regulatory guide (DG), DG-1374, ``Criteria for Programmable Digital Devices in Safety-Related Systems of Nuclear Power Plants.'' This DG is proposed Revision 4 of Regulatory Guide (RG) 1.152, ``Criteria for Use of Computers in Safety Systems of Nuclear Power Plants.'' DG-1374 describes an approach that is acceptable to the NRC staff to meet regulatory requirements for promoting high functional reliability, design quality, and a secure development and operational environment (SDOE) for the use of programmable digital devices (PDDs) in the safety-related systems of nuclear power generating stations. 
Renewing Nuclear Power Plant Operating Licenses-Environmental Review: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) plans to hold comment-gathering public meetings on a proposed rule to amend its environmental protection regulations by updating the Commission's 2013 findings on the environmental effect of renewing the operating license of a nuclear power plant. The purpose of the meetings is to provide information and receive public comments on the proposed changes to NRC regulations, draft Revision 2 to NUREG-1437, ``Generic Environmental Impact Statement for License Renewal of Nuclear Plants'' (LR GEIS), and associated guidance. 
Notice of Intent To Conduct Scoping Process and Prepare Environmental Impact Statement; Northern States Power Company-Minnesota; Monticello Nuclear Generating Plant, Unit 1: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) will conduct a scoping process to gather information necessary to prepare an environmental impact statement (EIS) to evaluate the environmental impacts for the subsequent license renewal (SLR) of the Renewed Facility Operating License No. DPR-22 for Monticello Nuclear Generating Plant, Unit 1 (Monticello). The NRC is seeking public comment on this action and has scheduled a public scoping meeting that will take place in person in Monticello, Minnesota on March 22, 2023, followed by a public scoping webinar meeting at a later date. 
Air Quality Redesignation for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Quality Standards; Canton, Ohio; Stark County, Ohio: 
This final rule redesignates a portion of Canton, Ohio in northeastern Stark County from ``unclassifiable/ attainment'' to ``nonattainment'' for the 2008 National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for lead (Pb). The EPA notified the state of Ohio of its intended redesignation of portions of Stark County on April 26, 2022, and published a Notice of Availability for this action on May 3, 2022. The EPA's redesignation of this portion of the Canton, Ohio area is based on recorded violations of the Pb NAAQS at the Republic Steel ambient air monitoring site operated by Ohio Environmental Protection Agency (Ohio EPA) located in Canton, Ohio. 
Air Plan Disapprovals; Interstate Transport of Air Pollution for the 2015 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards; Correction: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is correcting a final rule that appeared in Federal Register on Monday, February 13, 2023, which finalized the disapproval of State Implementation Plan (SIP) submissions for 19 states and the partial approval and partial disapproval of elements of the SIP submission for two states regarding interstate transport obligations for the 2015 8-hour ozone national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS). This document corrects an error in an amendatory instruction that appeared in the regulatory text portion of the final rule. This error and its correction are unrelated to the final rule. 
Delay of Submittal Date for State Plans Required Under the Affordable Clean Energy Rule: 
This action extends until April 15, 2024, the deadline for state plans required to be submitted under the Clean Air Act (CAA) in accordance with the Affordable Clean Energy (ACE) rule. 
Metamitron; Receipt of Application for Emergency Exemption, Solicitation of Public Comment: 
EPA has received specific exemption requests from the Colorado and Nebraska Departments of Agriculture to use the pesticide metamitron (CAS No. 41394-05-2) to treat up to 35,000 acres of sugarbeets to control the weed, Palmer amaranth. The applicants propose the use of a new chemical which has not been registered by EPA. EPA is soliciting public comment before making the decision whether or not to grant the exemptions. 
Cancellation Order for Certain Pesticide Registrations and Amendments To Terminate Uses: 
This notice announces EPA's order for the cancellations and amendments to terminate uses, voluntarily requested by the registrants and accepted by the Agency, of certain product registrations, pursuant to the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). This cancellation order follows a November 22, 2022, Federal Register Notice of Receipt of requests from the registrants listed in Table 3 of Unit II., to voluntarily cancel and amend certain product registrations to terminate uses of these product registrations. In the November 22, 2022, notice, EPA indicated that it would issue an order implementing the cancellations and amendments to terminate uses, unless the Agency received substantive comments within the 30-day comment period that would merit its further review of these requests, or unless the registrants withdrew their requests. The Agency did not receive any comments on the notice. Further, the registrants did not withdraw their requests. Accordingly, EPA hereby issues in this notice a cancellation order granting the requested cancellations and amendments to terminate uses. Any distribution, sale, or use of the products subject to this cancellation order is permitted only in accordance with the terms of this order, including any existing stocks provisions. 
Notice of Receipt of Requests To Voluntarily Cancel Certain Pesticide Registrations and Amend Registrations To Terminate Certain Uses: 
In accordance with the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), EPA is issuing a notice of receipt of requests by the registrants to voluntarily cancel their registrations of certain products and to amend certain product registrations to terminate one or more uses. EPA intends to grant these requests at the close of the comment period for this announcement unless the Agency receives substantive comments within the comment period that would merit its further review of the requests, or unless the registrants withdraw its requests. If these requests are granted, any sale, distribution, or use of products listed in this notice will be permitted after the registrations have been cancelled or uses terminated only if such sale, distribution, or use is consistent with the terms as described in the final order. 
Request for Applications: The Community Forest and Open Space Conservation Program: 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Forest Service, State and Private Forestry, Cooperative Forestry staff, requests applications for the Community Forest and Open Space Conservation Program (Community Forest Program or CFP). This is a competitive grant program whereby local governments, qualified nonprofit organizations, and Indian tribes are eligible to apply for grants to establish community forests through the fee simple acquisition of private forest land from a willing seller. 
Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands; Final 2023 and 2024 Harvest Specifications for Groundfish: 
NMFS announces final 2023 and 2024 harvest specifications, apportionments, and prohibited species catch allowances for the groundfish fishery of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands management area (BSAI). This action is necessary to establish harvest limits for groundfish during the remainder of the 2023 and the start of the 2024 fishing years and to accomplish the goals and objectives of the Fishery Management Plan for Groundfish of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area (FMP). The 2023 harvest specifications supersede those previously set in the final 2022 and 2023 harvest specifications, and the 2024 harvest specifications will be superseded in early 2024 when the final 2024 and 2025 harvest specifications are published. The intended effect of this action is to conserve and manage the groundfish resources in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area (BSAI) in accordance with the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (Magnuson-Stevens Act; MSA). 
Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Amendment 54: 
NMFS proposes to implement management measures described in Amendment 54 to the Fishery Management Plan (FMP) for the Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico (Gulf) (Amendment 54), as prepared by the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council (Council). This proposed rule and Amendment 54 would revise Gulf greater amberjack sector allocations and catch limits. The purposes of this proposed rule and Amendment 54 are to end overfishing of Gulf greater amberjack and to update catch limits to be consistent with the best scientific information available. 
Notice of Availability of a Final Management Plan and Final Environmental Assessment for the Channel Islands National Marine Sanctuary: 
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has prepared a final management plan (FMP) as part of the Channel Islands National Marine Sanctuary (CINMS or sanctuary) management plan review. The FMP, which replaces a 2009 sanctuary management plan, addresses current and emerging threats in CINMS and reflects changes in new science and technologies, how the public uses the sanctuary, and community needs. The FMP supports continued protection of sanctuary resources through enforcement of existing sanctuary regulations, education and outreach strategies that promote ocean stewardship, and community-inclusive involvement. Consistent with the information provided in the 2019 Notice of Intent, and information gathered through public scoping to prepare a draft environmental assessment (DEA) and draft management plan (DMP) for the sanctuary, and public comments received on the DMP, NOAA is not making modifications to the sanctuary regulations at this time, but may consider regulatory changes in the future. NOAA also prepared a final environmental assessment (FEA) and a finding of no significant impact (FONSI) for this action. 
Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council (Council) will hold a four-day meeting to consider actions affecting the Gulf of Mexico fisheries in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ). 
New England Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The New England Fishery Management Council (Council) is scheduling a public webinar of its Scallop Advisory Panel to consider actions affecting New England fisheries in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ). Recommendations from this group will be brought to the full Council for formal consideration and action, if appropriate. 
New England Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The New England Fishery Management Council (Council) is scheduling a public webinar of its Scallop Committee to consider actions affecting New England fisheries in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ). Recommendations from this group will be brought to the full Council for formal consideration and action, if appropriate. 
North Pacific Fishery Management Council; Public Meeting: 
The North Pacific Fishery Management Council (Council) Pacific Northwest Crab Industry Advisory Committee (PNCIAC) will meet March 29, 2023. 
Pacific Bluefin Tuna United States Stakeholder Meeting; Meeting Announcement: 
NMFS announces a public meeting to discuss development of a long-term harvest strategy for Pacific bluefin tuna (PBF). This meeting is intended to prepare for potential discussions at the 2023 meeting of the Joint Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission (IATTC)--Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Commission (WCPFC) Northern Committee (NC) Working Group on a long-term harvest strategy for PBF fisheries across the Pacific Ocean. The meeting topics are described under the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section of this notice. 
Taking and Importing Marine Mammals; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Geophysical Surveys Related to Oil and Gas Activities in the Gulf of Mexico: 
In accordance with the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA), as amended, its implementing regulations, and NMFS' MMPA Regulations for Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Geophysical Surveys Related to Oil and Gas Activities in the Gulf of Mexico, notification is hereby given that a Letter of Authorization (LOA) has been issued to Shell Offshore Inc. (Shell) for the take of marine mammals incidental to geophysical survey activity in the Gulf of Mexico. 
Procurement List; Proposed Deletions: 
The Committee is proposing to delete product(s) and service(s) from the Procurement List that were furnished by nonprofit agencies employing persons who are blind or have other severe disabilities. 
Procurement List; Additions and Deletions: 
This action adds product(s) to the Procurement List that will be furnished by nonprofit agencies employing persons who are blind or have other severe disabilities, and deletes product(s) from the Procurement List previously furnished by such agencies. 
World War One Centennial Commission; Notification of Upcoming Public Advisory Meeting: 
Notice of this meeting is being provided according to the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. This notice provides the schedule and agenda for the May 19, 2023, meeting of the World War One Centennial Commission (the Commission). The meeting is available to the public. Dial in information will be provided upon request. 
Notice of Application for Withdrawal Extension; and Public Meeting; Fort Wainwright, AK: 
The Department of the Army (Army) has filed an application with the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) for the extension of the current withdrawal in the Fairbanks North Star Borough and the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area, Alaska. The Army requested an extension of the existing approximately 869,862-acre withdrawal for the Yukon Training Area (formerly Fort Wainwright Yukon Training Range) and the Donnelly Training Areas East and West (formerly Fort Greely East and West Training Ranges) from all forms of appropriation under the public land laws, including the mining laws and the mineral leasing and geothermal leasing laws, for 25 years or more, subject to valid existing rights. The existing withdrawal will expire on November 6, 2026. The decision about this application will be made by Congress. This notice advises the public of an opportunity to comment on this application for a withdrawal extension and to attend a public meeting. 
Privacy Act of 1974; Matching Program: 
In accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act, as amended, this notice announces a new matching program with the Railroad Retirement Board (RRB). Under this matching program, RRB, as the source agency, will disclose RRB annuity payment data to SSA, the recipient agency. SSA will use the information to verify Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and Special Veterans Benefits (SVB) eligibility and benefit payment amounts. SSA will also record the railroad annuity amounts RRB paid to SSI and SVB recipients in the Supplemental Security Income Record (SSR). 
Submission for OMB Review; National Communication System for Runaway and Homeless Youth, Currently Operated by the National Runaway Safeline (NRS) Data Collection (New Collection): 
The Family and Youth Services Bureau's (FYSB) Runaway and Homeless Youth Division has a legislative requirement to fund a National Communication System, which is currently operated by the National Runaway Safeline (NRS). The NRS provides information, referral services, crisis intervention, and prevention resources to vulnerable youth at risk of running away and/or becoming homeless and their families or legal guardians at no cost. When necessary, the NRS refers runaway and homeless youth to shelters, counseling, medical assistance, and other vital services. The NRS collects information from all contacts with youth and adults connecting with the NRS (i.e., parents, family members, legal guardians, service providers) on a voluntary basis to inform crisis services and develop an annual report on the information collected during calls, chats, emails, and forum posts from young people who reached out to the NRS's crisis services. 
Proposed Information Collection Activity; Office of Refugee Resettlement Unaccompanied Refugee Minors Program Application and Withdrawal of Application or Declination of Placement Form (OMB #0970-0550): 
The Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) is requesting a three-year extension with revisions of the Unaccompanied Refugee Minors (URM) Program Application and Withdrawal of Application or Declination of Placement Form (OMB #0970-0550, expiration 08/31/2023). Proposed revisions include additional instructions, a small number of new questions, dropping a few questions, and rephrasing existing questions. 
Safety Zone; Missouri River Mile Markers 175.5-176.5, Jefferson City, MO: 
The Coast Guard is establishing a temporary safety zone for all navigable waters in the Missouri River at Mile Marker (MM) 175.5 to 176.5. The safety zone is needed to protect personnel, vessels, and the marine environment from all potential hazards associated with electrical line work. Entry of vessels or persons into this zone is prohibited unless specifically authorized by the Captain of the Port Sector Upper Mississippi River (COTP) or a designated representative. 
Consolidated Port Approaches Port Access Route Studies (CPAPARS): 
The Coast Guard announces the availability of an update to the Consolidated Port Approaches Port Access Route Studies (CPAPARS). The Coast Guard is publishing this updated report to provide continued transparency on the consolidated recommendations and alternatives provided by the supplemental PARS, the Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking and ongoing dialogue with the maritime industry. 
Privacy Act of 1974; Matching Program: 
Pursuant to the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended by the Computer Matching and Privacy Act of 1988 and the Computer Matching and Privacy Protections Amendment of 1990 (Privacy Act), and Office of Management and Budget (OMB) guidance on the conduct of matching programs, notice is hereby given of the establishment of a matching program between the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the state of Iowa, the state of California, the state of Louisiana, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI). 
Withdrawal of Notice of Intent (NOI) To Prepare a Draft Environmental Impact Statement (DEIS) Pursuant to Section 203 of Water Resources Development Act of 1986 for the Wilmington Harbor Navigation Improvement Project Integrated Feasibility Study and Environmental Report, New Hanover and Brunswick Counties, NC: 
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) is issuing this notice to advise Federal, State, and local governmental agencies and the public that USACE is withdrawing the notice of intent for the preparation of the DEIS pursuant to Section 203 of Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 1986 for the Wilmington Harbor Navigation Improvement Project Integrated Feasibility Study and Environmental Report, which was published in the Federal Register on September 12, 2019. Since publication of the NOI, the project was conditionally authorized under Section 403 of WRDA of 2020: Authorization of Projects Based on Feasibility Studies Prepared by Non-Federal Interests. USACE will be initiating a separate environmental review process for the Federal action related to the conditional authorization under Section 403 of WRDA of 2020. 
Notice of Public Meetings of the Arkansas Advisory Committee: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act that the Arkansas Advisory Committee (Committee) will hold a virtual (online) meeting Wednesday, March 8, 2023 at 12:00 p.m. Central Time. The purpose of the meeting is for the Committee to discuss the of the releasing of publication IDEA compliance and implementation in AR schools and related post-report activity. 
Notice of Public Meetings of the Arkansas Advisory Committee: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act that the Arkansas Advisory Committee (Committee) will hold a virtual (online) meeting Wednesday, March 8, 2023 at 12 p.m. Central Time. The purpose of the meeting is for the Committee to discuss the of the releasing of publication IDEA compliance and implementation in AR schools and related post-report activity. 
Representation Case Procedures: 
The National Labor Relations Board (Board) is staying two provisions of its 2019 final rule (``Final Rule'') amending its representation case procedures to account for new court decisions. The two provisions, which have never been in effect, are stayed until September 10, 2023. This stay is necessary to accommodate pending litigation over remaining challenges to the Final Rule and because the Board is currently considering whether to revise or repeal the Final Rule, including potential revisions to the two provisions. 
Representation Case Procedures: 
This final rule rescinds four provisions from the Board's Rules and Regulations contained in the final rule published on December 18, 2019, entitled ``Representation-Case Procedures.'' This action is in compliance with a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit vacating the four provisions. 
McNally/Kiewit Joint Venture: Grant of Permanent Variance: 
In this notice, OSHA grants a permanent variance to McNally/ Kiewit Joint Venture (McNally) related to work in compressed-air environments. 
Traylor-Shea Joint Venture: Grant of Permanent Variance: 
In this notice, OSHA grants a permanent variance to Traylor- Shea Joint Venture (TSJV) related to work in compressed air environments. 
Submission for Review: Representative Payee Application/Information Necessary for a Competency Determination: 
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction of 1995, Retirement Services, Office of Personnel Management (OPM) is offering the general public and other federal agencies the opportunity to comment on a revised information collection request (ICR), RI 20-7 [Representative Payee Application] and RI 30-3 [Information for a Competency Determination]. 
Administrative Declaration of a Disaster for the State of California: 
This is a notice of an Administrative declaration of a disaster for the State of CALIFORNIA dated 03/07/2023. Incident: Severe Winter Storms, Flooding, Landslides and Mudslides. Incident Period: 12/27/2022 through 01/31/2023. 
Administrative Declaration of a Disaster for the State of Louisiana: 
This is a notice of an Administrative declaration of a disaster for the State of Louisiana dated 03/06/2023. Incident: Severe Storms and a Tornado. Incident Period: 02/08/2023. 
Presidential Declaration of a Major Disaster for Public Assistance Only for the Muscogee (Creek) Nation: 
This is a Notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for Public Assistance Only for the Muscogee (Creek) Nation (FEMA-4690-DR), dated 03/03/2023. Incident: Severe Winter Storm. Incident Period: 12/21/2022 through 12/25/2022. 
Certain Hot-Rolled Steel Flat Products From the Republic of Turkey: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that Habas Sinai ve Tibbi Gazlar Istihsal Endustrisi A.S. (Habas) did not make sales of certain hot-rolled steel flat products (hot-rolled steel) from the Republic of Turkey (Turkey) at less than normal value during the period of review (POR), October 1, 2020, through September 30, 2021. 
Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Cells, Whether or Not Assembled Into Modules, From the People's Republic of China: Notice of Court Decision Not in Harmony With the Results of Antidumping Administrative Review; Notice of Amended Final Results; Correction: 
The Department of Commerce (Commerce) published a notice in the Federal Register, in which it amended the final results of the 2017-2018 administrative review of the antidumping duty order on crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells, whether or not assembled into modules, (solar cells and modules) from the People's Republic of China (China) pursuant to a final judgment by the U.S. Court of International Trade (CIT). That notice contains incorrect weighted-average dumping margins for two company groupings. 
Utility Scale Wind Towers From Indonesia: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that PT. Kenertec Power System made sales of subject merchandise at less than normal value during the period of review (POR), February 14, 2020, through July 31, 2021. 
Cancellation of Middle East Clean Tech Executive Led Trade Mission to Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Israel, March 12-17, 2023: 
On March 18, 2022, the United States Department of Commerce notified the public of Winter 2022 approved International Trade Administration Missions (87 FR 15374, Mar. 18, 2022), including a Middle East Clean Tech Executive Led Trade Mission to Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Israel, March 12-17, 2023. The International Trade Administration has cancelled this Trade Mission. 
Implementing Rules for the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement Implementation Act: 
The United States International Trade Commission (Commission) is making technical amendments to its rules, relating to safeguard actions, and injury to domestic industries from imports sold at less than fair value or from subsidized exports, to conform with changes made by the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement Implementation Act (USMCA Act). 
SPOG Virtual Public Meeting on Conducting Anti-Trafficking Work Using a Racial Equity Lens: 
The Department of State, on behalf of the interagency Senior Policy Operating Group (SPOG), is hosting a virtual public meeting to hear input about how it can conduct its anti-trafficking work using a racial justice and equity lens and to assist the SPOG and SPOG agencies implementation of Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government and Further Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government. This public meeting is part of the SPOG's ongoing efforts to engage and collaborate with diverse communities and develop an implementation plan for integrating racial equity into U.S. government anti-trafficking efforts and is meant to complement the SPOG's prior request for written information (87 FR 7231) to provide members of the public with another way to share feedback with the U.S. government. The implementation plan will highlight the importance of an intersectional approach, as racism often compounds with other forms of discrimination to affect individuals' vulnerability to human trafficking. Additionally, it will complement agencies' individual work to implement Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Accessibility in the Federal Workforce by sharing information and practices for increasing diversity in the federal workforce as an integral way to strengthen agencies' anti-trafficking work. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for all Airbus SAS Model A310 series airplanes. This AD was prompted by a determination that new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This AD requires revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain Embraer S.A. Model EMB-545 and EMB-550 airplanes. This AD was prompted by a report that there is a possibility of the shoulder belt getting stuck during flight due to a step between the divan shroud chamfer and the sideledge panel. This AD requires installing, on the right- and left-hand side divan, a protective fairing covering on the divan shroud and the sideledge panel, as specified in an Ag[ecirc]ncia Nacional de Avia[ccedil][atilde]o Civil (ANAC) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain General Electric Company (GE) GE90-110B1 and GE90-115B model turbofan engines. This AD was prompted by a manufacturer investigation which discovered that florescent penetrant inspections (FPI) were not performed on the dovetail pressure face of certain high-pressure compressor (HPC) rotor spools at overhaul. This AD requires FPI of the affected HPC rotor stage 7-9 spool and, depending on the results of the inspection, replacement with a part eligible for installation. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; MHI RJ Aviation ULC (Type Certificate Previously Held by Bombardier, Inc.) Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain MHI RJ Aviation ULC Model CL-600-2C10 (Regional Jet Series 700, 701 & 702); CL-600-2C11 (Regional Jet Series 550); CL-600-2D15 (Regional Jet Series 705); CL-600-2D24 (Regional Jet Series 900); and CL-600-2E25 (Regional Jet Series 1000) airplanes. This AD was prompted by laboratory tests that showed that the oxygen tubes of the crew oxygen system may be contaminated with lubricants, as a result of the manufacturing and cleaning procedures used. This AD requires cleaning and flushing the crew oxygen system. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Rolls-Royce Deutschland Ltd & Co KG (Type Certificate Previously Held by Rolls-Royce plc) Turbofan Engines: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2020-12- 01, which applied to certain Rolls-Royce Deutschland Ltd. & Co KG (RRD) Trent XWB-75, Trent XWB-79, Trent XWB-79B, and Trent XWB-84 model turbofan engines. AD 2020-12-01 required initial and repetitive inspections of the low pressure compressor (LPC) outlet guide vane (OGV) outer mount ring assembly and, depending on the results of the inspections, possible replacement of the LPC OGV outer mount ring assembly. Since the FAA issued AD 2020-12-01, the FAA determined that these inspections are also necessary for RRD Trent XWB-97 model turbofan engines. This AD was prompted by analysis by the manufacturer of the LPC OGV assembly and LPC OGV outer mount ring assembly which predicted that when the front engine mount is in the fail-safe condition, the most highly stressed LPC OGV assembly has a life that could be substantially less than one shop visit interval. This AD requires initial and repetitive inspections of the LPC OGV outer mount ring assembly and, depending on the results of the inspections, replacement of the LPC OGV outer mount ring assembly, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference (IBR). The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2021-07- 09, which applies to all The Boeing Company Model 747-100, 747-100B, 747-100B SUD, 747-200B, 747-200C, 747-200F, 747-300, 747-400, 747-400D, 747-400F, 747SR, and 747SP series airplanes. AD 2021-07-09 required repetitively inspecting all trim air diffuser ducts or sidewall riser duct assemblies (collectively referred to as TADDs) for damage, including repetitive structural inspections of the center fuel tanks for damage, and performing applicable on-condition actions. Since the FAA issued AD 2021-07-09, the agency has determined that the existing requirements do not adequately address the unsafe condition. This AD continues to require repetitive inspections of the TADDs for damage, with revised compliance times, and repair if applicable. This AD also requires repetitive replacement of the TADDs and removes the structural inspections of the center fuel tanks. This AD also prohibits the installation of affected parts. This AD removes certain airplanes from the applicability. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Railroad Safety Advisory Committee; Notice of Meeting: 
FRA announces the sixty-fourth meeting of the Railroad Safety Advisory Committee (RSAC), a Federal Advisory Committee that provides advice and recommendations to FRA on railroad safety matters through a consensus process. This special meeting of the RSAC will focus on the events related to the February 3, 2023 freight train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio, and include a discussion of potential related safety improvements and possible RSAC tasks and actions. 
Notice of Updated Civil Penalty Schedules and Guidelines: 
FRA is issuing this notice to advise all interested stakeholders that it has issued, and made available on its website, updated civil penalty schedules and guidelines (Schedules) to account for inflation. This notice explains FRA's increase to its guideline rail safety civil penalty amounts. This notice also announces FRA's intent to adjust the civil penalty amounts line-by-line on an annual basis for inflation, after this adjustment. 
Petition for Exemption From the Federal Motor Vehicle Theft Prevention Standard; Toyota Motor North America, Inc.: 
This document grants in full the Toyota Motor North America, Inc.'s (Toyota) petition for exemption from the Federal Motor Vehicle Theft Prevention Standard (theft prevention standard) for its Crown vehicle line beginning in model year (MY) 2024. The petition is granted because the agency has determined that the antitheft device to be placed on the line as standard equipment is likely to be as effective in reducing and deterring motor vehicle theft as compliance with the parts-marking requirements of the theft prevention standard. 
Notice of OFAC Sanctions Actions: 
The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) is publishing the names of one or more persons that have been placed on OFAC's Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (SDN List) based on OFAC's determination that one or more applicable legal criteria were satisfied. All property and interests in property subject to U.S. jurisdiction of these persons are blocked, and U.S. persons are generally prohibited from engaging in transactions with them. 
Privacy Act of 1974; Matching Program: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has an 18 month computer matching agreement (CMA) agreement with the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) regarding Veterans, VA beneficiaries, and caregivers who are in federal prison and are also in receipt of compensation and pension benefits. The purpose of this CMA is to re-establish the agreement between VA and the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), BOP. BOP will disclose information about individuals who are in federal prison. VBA will use this information as a match for recipients of Compensation and Pension benefits for adjustments of awards. 
Department of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Meeting: 
The Department of Defense (DoD) is publishing this notice in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act to announce that the following meeting of the Department of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board will take place. 
Board of Visitors, United States Military Academy (USMA BoV): 
Under the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act of 1972, the Government in the Sunshine Act of 1976, the Department of Defense announces that the following Federal advisory committee meeting will take place. 
Defense Science Board; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Meeting: 
The DoD is publishing this notice to announce that the following Federal Advisory Committee meeting of the Defense Science Board (DSB) will take place. 
U.S. Strategic Command Strategic Advisory Group; Notice of Federal Advisory Committee Closed Meeting: 
The DoD is publishing this notice to announce that the following Federal advisory committee meeting of the U.S. Strategic Command Strategic Advisory Group will take place. 
Authorization of Emergency Use of a Drug Product During the COVID-19 Pandemic; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is announcing the issuance of an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) (the Authorization) under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) for use during the COVID-19 pandemic. FDA has issued one Authorization for the drug product KINERET (anakinra) as requested by Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (Sobi). The Authorization contains, among other things, conditions on the emergency use of the authorized product. The Authorization follows the February 4, 2020, determination by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) that there is a public health emergency that has a significant potential to affect national security or the health and security of U.S. citizens living abroad and that involves a novel (new) coronavirus. The virus, now named SARS-CoV- 2, causes the illness COVID-19. On the basis of such determination, the Secretary of HHS declared on March 27, 2020, that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of drugs and biological products during the COVID-19 pandemic, pursuant to the FD&C Act, subject to the terms of any authorization issued under that section. The Authorization, which includes an explanation of the reasons for issuance, is reprinted in this document. 
Revocation of Three Authorizations of Emergency Use of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices for Detection and/or Diagnosis of COVID-19; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is announcing the revocation of the Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs) (the Authorizations) issued to Abbott Diagnostics Scarborough, Inc. (Abbott) for the BinaxNOW COVID-19 Ag 2 Card, and Standard BioTools, Inc. (Standard) for the Advanta Dx SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR Assay and Advanta Dx COVID-19 EASE Assay. FDA revoked these Authorizations under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act). The revocations, which include an explanation of the reasons for each revocation, are reprinted in this document. 
Guidance Documents Related to Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19): 
On February 9, 2023, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) renewed the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) public health emergency declaration issued under section 319 of the Public Health Service Act (PHS Act) (``PHE declaration''), effective February 11, 2023. The declaration is expected to expire at the end of the day on May 11, 2023. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA, Agency, or we) has issued guidance documents to address the circumstances of the public health emergency and, more generally, COVID-19. Many of those guidance documents are tied to the duration of the PHE declaration. This notice is intended to provide clarity to stakeholders with respect to the guidance documents that will no longer be effective with the expiration of the PHE declaration and the guidances that FDA is revising to continue in effect after the expiration of the PHE declaration. 
Evaluation of Gastric pH-Dependent Drug Interactions With Acid-Reducing Agents: Study Design, Data Analysis, and Clinical Implications; Guidance for Industry; Availability: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or Agency) is announcing the availability of a final guidance for industry entitled ``Evaluation of Gastric pH-Dependent Drug Interactions With Acid-Reducing Agents: Study Design, Data Analysis, and Clinical Implications.'' This guidance focuses on specific recommendations pertinent to pH-dependent drug-drug interaction (DDI) assessment and describes the current recommendations of FDA regarding when clinical DDI studies with acid-reducing agents (ARAs) are needed, design of the clinical studies, interpretation of study results, and options for managing pH-dependent DDIs in patients. This guidance finalizes the draft guidance of the same title issued on December 1, 2020. 
Antimicrobial Drugs Advisory Committee; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; Request for Comments: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announces a forthcoming public advisory committee meeting of the Antimicrobial Drugs Advisory Committee. The general function of the committee is to provide advice and recommendations to FDA on regulatory issues. The meeting will be open to the public. FDA is establishing a docket for public comment on this document. 
Gastrointestinal Drugs Advisory Committee; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; Request for Comments: 
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announces a forthcoming public advisory committee meeting of the Gastrointestinal Drugs Advisory Committee. The general function of the committee is to provide advice and recommendations to FDA on regulatory issues. The meeting will be open to the public. FDA is establishing a docket for public comment on this document. 
Voluntary Labeling of FSIS-Regulated Products With U.S.-Origin Claims: 
FSIS is proposing to amend its regulations to define the conditions under which the labeling of meat, poultry, and egg products, as well as voluntarily-inspected products, may bear voluntary label claims indicating that the product is of United States origin. The Agency is taking this action to resolve consumer confusion surrounding current voluntary label claims related to the origin of FSIS-regulated products in the U.S. marketplace. Under this proposal, establishments would not need to include these claims on the label, but if they chose to include them, they would need to meet the requirements in this rule. 
Agricultural Advisory Committee: 
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) announces that on April 5, 2023, from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. (Eastern Daylight Time), the Agricultural Advisory Committee (AAC) will hold a public meeting via teleconference. At this meeting, the AAC will focus on topics related to the agricultural economy, including geopolitical and sustainability issues, as well as recent developments in the agricultural derivatives markets. 
Supporting Survivors of Domestic and Sexual Violence, Lifeline and Link Up Reform and Modernization, Affordable Connectivity Program: 
In this document, the Federal Communications Commission (Commission) begins the process of implementing the Safe Connections Act, taking significant steps to improve access to communications services for survivors of domestic abuse and related crimes. We seek comment on the implementation of the Safe Connections Act's statutory requirement that mobile service providers separate the line of a survivor of domestic violence (and other related crimes and abuse), and any individuals in the care of the survivor, from a mobile service contract shared with an abuser within two business days after receiving a request from the survivor. We also seek comment on a proposal to require service providers to omit from consumer-facing logs of calls and text messages any records of calls or text messages to hotlines listed in a central database of hotlines that the Commission would create. We also seek comment on whether to designate the Lifeline program or the Affordable Connectivity Program as a means for providing survivors suffering financial hardship with emergency communications support for up to six months, as required by the Safe Connections Act. 
Proposed Priority and Requirements-National Technical Assistance Center on Positive Behavioral Interventions and Supports: 
The Department of Education (Department) proposes a priority and requirements under the National Technical Assistance Center on Positive Behavioral Interventions and Supports (Center), Assistance Listing Number (ALN) 84.326S. The Center is funded jointly through the Technical Assistance and Dissemination to Improve Services and Results for Children with Disabilities and the School Safety National Activities programs. The priority and the requirements proposed in this document are specific to the work funded out of the School Safety National Activities program and are designed to improve student safety and well-being. We may use this priority or one or more of these requirements in fiscal year (FY) 2023 and later years. 
National Advisory Council on Indian Education (NACIE): 
This notice sets forth the agenda, time, and instructions to access or participate in the March 30-31, 2023, virtual meeting of NACIE. This notice provides information about the meeting to members of the public who may be interested in attending the meeting and how to provide written comment for the meeting. 
Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Consumer Boilers: 
The U.S. Department of Energy (``DOE'') amends its test procedure for consumer boilers established under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act. This rulemaking fulfills DOE's obligation to review its test procedures for covered products at least once every seven years. The revisions include: incorporating by reference the latest versions of the industry standards currently referenced in the Federal test procedure; relocating the test procedure to a new appendix separate from the residential furnace test procedure; removing an extraneous definition from its regulatory definitions; and making clarifying corrections to calculations. These revisions will improve the representativeness of the test method and will not be unduly burdensome to conduct. 
President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology: 
This notice announces a partially-closed meeting of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST). This meeting will be held virtually for members of the public and in-person for PCAST members. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) requires that public notice of these meetings be announced in the Federal Register. 
Enterprise Regulatory Capital Framework-Commingled Securities, Multifamily Government Subsidy, Derivatives, and Other Enhancements: 
The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA or the Agency) is seeking comments on a notice of proposed rulemaking (proposed rule) that would amend several provisions in the Enterprise Regulatory Capital Framework (ERCF) for the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac, and with Fannie Mae, each an Enterprise). The proposed rule would include modifications related to guarantees on commingled securities, multifamily mortgage exposures secured by government-subsidized properties, derivatives and cleared transactions, and credit scores, among other items. 
Control of Air Pollution From New Motor Vehicles: Heavy-Duty Engine and Vehicle Standards; Correction: 
EPA is issuing a correction to a final rule published in the Federal Register of Tuesday, January 24, 2023, which will be effective March 27, 2023. The final rule established new emission standards for heavy-duty highway engines, along with several amendments for a wide range of highway and nonroad engines and vehicles. This document corrects two amendatory instructions. These corrections do not include any substantive change to the final rule. 
Various Fragrance Components in Pesticide Formulations; Tolerance Exemption: 
This regulation establishes exemptions from the requirement of a tolerance for residues of various fragrance components listed in Unit II of this document when used as inert ingredients in antimicrobial pesticide formulations applied to food-contact surfaces in public eating places, dairy-processing equipment, and food-processing equipment and utensils when the end-use concentration does not exceed 100 parts per million (ppm). Innovative Reform Group, on behalf of The Clorox Company, submitted a petition to EPA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), requesting establishment of exemptions from the requirement of a tolerance. This regulation eliminates the need to establish a maximum permissible level for residues of these various fragrance components, when used in accordance with the terms of the exemptions. 
Pesticides; Agricultural Worker Protection Standard; Reconsideration of the Application Exclusion Zone Amendments: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is proposing to reinstate certain requirements that were amended in 2020 regarding the application exclusion zone (AEZ) requirements of the Agricultural Worker Protection Standard (WPS). EPA has reconsidered the amended AEZ requirements and has determined that several aspects of the AEZ provisions, such as those regarding the applicability of the AEZ and distance determination criteria, should be revised to reinstate previous requirements that are protective of public health and to limit exposure for those who may be near ongoing pesticide applications. 
Adequacy Status of Motor Vehicle Emissions Budgets for the New Jersey Portion of the New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island, NY-NJ-CT, 2008 8-Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area: 
In this notice, the EPA is notifying the public that it has found that the 2020 motor vehicle emissions budgets for volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and nitrogen oxides (NO<INF>X</INF>), submitted by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection on November 18, 2021, for the 2008 national ambient air quality standard (NAAQS) for ozone (the Budgets), are adequate for transportation conformity purposes for the New Jersey portion of the New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island, NY-NJ-CT, 2008 8-hour ozone nonattainment area. This revision to the State Implementation Plan (SIP) included 2020 summer day VOC and NO<INF>X</INF> Budgets associated with the SIP's reasonable further progress demonstration. 
National Environmental Justice Advisory Council; Notification of Public Meeting: 
Pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) hereby provides notice that the National Environmental Justice Advisory Council (NEJAC) will meet on the dates and times described below. The meeting is open to the public. For additional information about registering to attend the meeting or to provide public comment, please see Registration under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION. Pre-Registration is required. 
Public Meeting of the Science Advisory Board Environmental Justice Screen (EJScreen) Review Panel: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Science Advisory Board (SAB) Staff Office announces a public meeting of the Science Advisory Board Environmental Justice Screen (EJScreen) Review Panel. The purpose of the meeting is to receive a demonstration of the updated EPA's EJScreen mapping and screening tool from EPA's Office of Environmental Justice and External Civil Rights, review and discuss the charge questions. The panel will schedule a future public meeting in late Spring 2023 to peer review the EJScreen methodology and updated calculations for the EJ indexes released publicly in October 2022, as well as other aspects of the calculations. Additional information, materials, background, and meeting agendas for future activities will be posted on SAB's website at: https://sab.epa.gov. 
Notice of Proposed Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent Cashout Settlement for Ability To Pay Peripheral Parties: 
In accordance with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (``CERCLA''), notice is hereby given that a proposed CERCLA Section 122(h)(1) Cashout Settlement Agreement for Ability to Pay Peripheral Parties (``Proposed Agreement'') associated with the Vermiculite Products Inc., Superfund Site in Houston, Harris County, Texas (``Site'') was executed by the Environmental Protection Agency (``EPA'') and is now subject to public comment, after which EPA may modify or withdraw its consent if comments received disclose facts or considerations that indicate that the Proposed Agreement is inappropriate, improper, or inadequate. The Proposed Agreement would resolve potential EPA claims under section 107(a) of CERCLA, against Greer Capital Corporation, James H. Greer, James H. Greer Interest Inc., Maxroy Property Company, Toledo Maxroy LL., and Vermiculite Products Inc., (``Settling Parties'') for EPA response costs at the Vermiculite Products Inc., Superfund Site located in Houston, Texas. The settlement is estimated to be $8,703,300 and was based on an Ability to Pay Analysis, which concluded the settling party shall make payment for EPA response costs. For thirty (30) days following the date of publication of this notice, EPA will receive electronic comments relating to the Proposed Agreement. EPA's response to any comments received will be available for public inspection by request. Please see the ADDRESSES section of this notice for special instructions in effect due to impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Notice of Proposed Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent Cashout Settlement for Ability To Pay Peripheral Parties: 
In accordance with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (``CERCLA''), notice is hereby given that a proposed CERCLA Section 122(h)(1) Cashout Settlement Agreement for Ability to Pay Peripheral Parties (``Proposed Agreement'') associated with the Donna Reservoir and Canal Superfund Site in Donna, Hidalgo County, Texas (``Site'') was executed by the Environmental Protection Agency (``EPA'') and is now subject to public comment, after which EPA may modify or withdraw its consent if comments received disclose facts or considerations that indicate that the Proposed Agreement is inappropriate, improper, or inadequate. The Proposed Agreement would resolve potential EPA claims under section 107(a) of CERCLA, against Donna Irrigation District #1 (``Settling Party'') for EPA response costs at the Donna Reservoir and Canal Superfund Site located in Donna, Texas. The settlement is $100,000 and was based on an Ability to Pay Analysis, which concluded the settling party shall make payment for EPA response costs. For thirty (30) days following the date of publication of this notice, EPA will receive electronic comments relating to the Proposed Agreement. EPA's response to any comments received will be available for public inspection by request. Please see the ADDRESSES section of this notice for special instructions in effect due to impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
National Drinking Water Advisory Council: Request for Nominations: 
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) invites nominations of qualified candidates to be considered for three-year appointments to the National Drinking Water Advisory Council (NDWAC or Council). The 15-member Council was established by the Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) to provide independent advice, consultation, and recommendations to the EPA Administrator on matters relating to activities, functions, policies, and regulations under the SDWA. This notice solicits nominations to fill anticipated vacancies in 2023 with three-year appointments from December 2023 through December 2026. EPA may also consider nominations received through this solicitation to fill anticipated vacancies in 2024 and in the event of unanticipated vacancies on the Council. To enable EPA to maintain the membership required by statute, the Agency is seeking nominees who are from the general public; appropriate state and local agencies concerned with water hygiene and public water supply; and representatives of private organizations or groups demonstrating an active interest in the field of water hygiene and public water supply, including nominees associated with small, rural public water systems. 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Initiation of 5-Year Status Review of the Mexican Wolf in the Southwest: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, are conducting a 5- year status review of the Mexican wolf under the Endangered Species Act. A 5-year status review is based on the best scientific and commercial data available at the time of the review; therefore, we are requesting submission of any such information that has become available since the last review for the species. 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Initiation of 5-Year Status Reviews of 27 Listed Species in the Mountain-Prairie Region: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, are initiating 5-year status reviews of 27 species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, as amended. A 5-year status review is based on the best scientific and commercial data available at the time of the review; therefore, we are requesting submission of any new information on these species that has become available since the last review of the species. 
Foreign Endangered Species; Receipt of Permit Applications: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, invite the public to comment on applications to conduct certain activities with foreign species that are listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act (ESA). With some exceptions, the ESA prohibits activities with listed species unless Federal authorization is issued that allows such activities. The ESA also requires that we invite public comment before issuing permits for any activity otherwise prohibited by the ESA with respect to any endangered species. 
Endangered and Threatened Species; Notice of Initiation of a 5-Year Review for the Arabian Sea, Cape Verde Islands/Northwest Africa, Central America, Mexico, and Western North Pacific Distinct Population Segments of Humpback Whales: 
NMFS announces the initiation of a 5-year review for the Arabian Sea, Cape Verde Islands/Northwest Africa, Central America, Mexico, and Western North Pacific Distinct Population Segments of the humpback whale (Megaptera novaeangliae). NMFS is required by the Endangered Species Act (ESA) to conduct 5-year reviews to ensure that the listing classifications of species are accurate. The 5-year review must be based on the best scientific and commercial data available at the time of the review. We request submission of any such information on the humpback whale. 
Evaluation of Guam Coastal Management Program; Notice of Public Meeting; Request for Comments: 
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Office for Coastal Management, will hold an in-person public meeting to solicit input on the performance evaluation of the Guam Coastal Management Program. NOAA also invites the public to submit written comments. 
Marine Mammals and Endangered Species: 
Notice is hereby given that permits and permit amendments have been issued to the following entities under the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) and the Endangered Species Act (ESA), as applicable. 
Supporting Competition in the AbilityOne Program: 
The Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled (Committee), operating as the U.S. AbilityOne Commission (Commission), proposes to amend the Commission's regulations to incorporate specific recommendations from the ``Panel on Department of Defense and AbilityOne Contracting Oversight, Accountability, and Integrity'' (the Panel) review mandated by section 898 of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2017. The mission of the Panel, in part, was to assess the overall effectiveness and internal controls of the AbilityOne Program related to Department of Defense (DoD) contracts and provide recommendations for changes in business practices. Although the Panel focused on DoD-related procurements, the Commission's proposed revisions will apply to all Procurement List (PL) additions. The proposed revisions will clarify the Commission's authority to consider different pricing methodologies in establishing the Fair Market Price (FMP) for PL additions and changes to the FMP; better define the parameters for conducting fair and equitable competitive allocations amongst multiple qualified Nonprofit Agencies (NPAs); and clarify the responsibilities and procedures associated with authorizing and deauthorizing NPAs. 
Revision to Foreign Gift Minimal Value: 
GSA, in consultation with the U.S. Department of State, must redefine the minimal value of foreign gift items to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) for the preceding 3-year period, as specified under the law concerning the Receipt and Disposition of Foreign Gifts and Decorations. The minimal value was last defined effective January 1, 2020, and must be redefined effective as of January 1, 2023. This bulletin cancels FMR Bulletin B-50, ``Foreign Gift and Decoration Minimal Value,'' issued March 10, 2020, as this bulletin provides updated information on the same topic. 
Open Meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel Taxpayer Assistance Center Improvements Project Committee: 
An open meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Taxpayer Assistance Center Improvements Project Committee will be conducted. The Taxpayer Advocacy Panel is soliciting public comments, ideas, and suggestions on improving customer service at the Internal Revenue Service. This meeting will still be held via teleconference. 
Open Meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel Taxpayer Communications Project Committee: 
An open meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Taxpayer Communications Project Committee will be conducted. The Taxpayer Advocacy Panel is soliciting public comments, ideas, and suggestions on improving customer service at the Internal Revenue Service. This meeting will be held via teleconference. 
Open Meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Notices and Correspondence Project Committee: 
An open meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Notices and Correspondence Project Committee will be conducted. The Taxpayer Advocacy Panel is soliciting public comments, ideas, and suggestions on improving customer service at the Internal Revenue Service. This meeting will be held via teleconference. 
Open Meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Special Projects Committee: 
An open meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Special Projects Committee will be conducted. The Taxpayer Advocacy Panel is soliciting public comments, ideas, and suggestions on improving customer service at the Internal Revenue Service. This meeting will still be held via teleconference. 
Open Meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Tax Forms and Publications Project Committee: 
An open meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Tax Forms and Publications Project Committee will be conducted. The Taxpayer Advocacy Panel is soliciting public comments, ideas, and suggestions on improving customer service at the Internal Revenue Service. This meeting will be held via teleconference. 
Open Meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Toll-Free Phone Lines Project Committee: 
An open meeting of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel's Toll-Free Phone Lines Project Committee will be conducted. The Taxpayer Advocacy Panel is soliciting public comments, ideas, and suggestions on improving customer service at the Internal Revenue Service. This meeting will be held via teleconference. 
Non-Public Materials: 
The Commission is proposing revisions to existing rules on non-public materials and revisions to existing rules on the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). This document informs the public of the filing, invites public comment, and takes other administrative steps. 
New Postal Products: 
The Commission is noticing a recent Postal Service filing for the Commission's consideration concerning a negotiated service agreement. This notice informs the public of the filing, invites public comment, and takes other administrative steps. 
International Product Change-International Priority Airmail, Commercial ePacket, Priority Mail Express International, Priority Mail International & First-Class Package International Service Agreement: 
The Postal Service gives notice of filing a request with the Postal Regulatory Commission to add an International Priority Airmail, Commercial ePacket, Priority Mail Express International, Priority Mail International & First-Class Package International Service contract to the list of Negotiated Service Agreements in the Competitive Product List in the Mail Classification Schedule. 
Special Local Regulations; Seventh Coast Guard District, Blessing of the Fleet-St. Augustine: 
The Coast Guard will enforce special local regulations for the Blessing of the Fleet--St. Augustine on April 2, 2023, to provide for the safety of life on navigable waterways during this event. Our regulation for marine events within the Seventh Coast Guard District identifies the regulated area for this event in St. Augustine, FL. During the enforcement periods, the operator of any vessel in the regulated area must comply with directions from the Patrol Commander or any Official Patrol displaying a Coast Guard ensign. 
Extension and Redesignation of Somalia for Temporary Protected Status: 
Through this notice, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announces that the Secretary of Homeland Security (Secretary) is extending the designation of Somalia for Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for 18 months, beginning on March 18, 2023, and ending on September 17, 2024. This extension allows existing TPS beneficiaries to retain TPS through September 17, 2024, so long as they otherwise continue to meet the eligibility requirements for TPS. Existing TPS beneficiaries who wish to extend their status through September 17, 2024, must re-register during the 60-day re-registration period described in this notice. The Secretary is also redesignating Somalia for TPS. The redesignation of Somalia allows additional Somali nationals (and individuals having no nationality who last habitually resided in Somalia) who have been continuously residing in the United States since January 11, 2023, to apply for TPS for the first time during the initial registration period described under the redesignation information in this notice. In addition to demonstrating continuous residence in the United States since January 11, 2023, and meeting other eligibility criteria, applicants for TPS under this designation must demonstrate that they have been continuously physically present in the United States since March 18, 2023, the effective date of this redesignation of Somalia for TPS. 
Employment Authorization for Somali F-1 Nonimmigrant Students Experiencing Severe Economic Hardship as a Direct Result of the Current Crisis in Somalia: 
This notice announces that the Secretary of Homeland Security (Secretary) is suspending certain regulatory requirements for F-1 nonimmigrant students whose country of citizenship is Somalia, regardless of country of birth (or individuals having no nationality who last habitually resided in Somalia), and who are experiencing severe economic hardship as a direct result of the current crisis in Somalia. The Secretary is taking action to provide relief to these Somali students who are lawful F-1 nonimmigrant students so the students may request employment authorization, work an increased number of hours while school is in session, and reduce their course load while continuing to maintain their F-1 nonimmigrant student status. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will deem an F-1 nonimmigrant student granted employment authorization by means of this notice to be engaged in a ``full course of study'' for the duration of the employment authorization, if the nonimmigrant student satisfies the minimum course load requirement described in this notice. 
Administrative Guidelines: Subsidy Layering Review for Project-Based Vouchers: 
This notice provides updated Administrative Guidelines (Guidelines) and requirements for Project-Based Voucher (PBV) Subsidy Layering Reviews (SLRs) and SLR requirements for Mixed-Finance projects that may or may not include PBV assistance. This updated notice provides transparency on HUD's expectations regarding cash flow, debt coverage ratios, net operating income, operating expense trending requirements, and expands guidance related to expense coverage ratios, when projects do not have hard debt. This notice also introduces a new mailbox (PBVSLRs@hud.gov) for SLRs requests to be performed by HUD HQ, and for SLR certifications and supporting documentation for SLRs the Housing Credit Agencies (HCAs) completed. Finally, the guidance expands the delegation of SLRs to HCAs to cases where PBV assistance is combined with other government assistance. Previously, the delegation only covered cases that included Low-Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTCs). Otherwise SLR cases had to be completed by HUD (see overview chart in Section IV). 
Notice of Public Meeting of the Tennessee Advisory Committee; Cancellation: 
The Commission on Civil Rights published a notice in the Federal Register concerning a meeting of the Tennessee Advisory Committee. The meeting scheduled for Thursday, March 16, 2023, at 12:00 p.m. (CT) is cancelled. The notice is in the Federal Register of Tuesday, February 28, 2023, in FR Doc. 2023-04004, on page 12653-12654 (2 pages). 
Procedures for the Handling of Retaliation Complaints Under the Taxpayer First Act (TFA): 
On March 7, 2022, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) of the U.S. Department of Labor (Department) issued an interim final rule (IFR) that provided procedures for the Department's processing of complaints under the employee protection (retaliation or whistleblower) provisions of Section 7623(d) of the Taxpayer First Act (TFA or Act). The IFR established procedures and time frames for the handling of retaliation complaints under TFA, including procedures and time frames for employee complaints to OSHA, investigations by OSHA, appeals of OSHA determinations to an administrative law judge (ALJ) for a hearing de novo, hearings by ALJs, review of ALJ decisions by the Administrative Review Board (ARB) (acting on behalf of the Secretary of Labor) and judicial review of the Secretary's final decision. It also set forth the Department's interpretations of the TFA whistleblower provisions on certain matters. This final rule adopts the IFR with one technical change. 
Oregon State Plan for Occupational Safety and Health; Proposed Final Approval, Request for Public Comment, and Notice of Opportunity To Request Informal Public Hearing: 
This document gives notice of the eligibility of the Oregon State occupational safety and health plan (State Plan) for determination under Section 18(e) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 as to whether final approval of the State Plan over temporary labor camps should be granted. This notice of eligibility for an 18(e) determination applies only to coverage of temporary labor camps and does not affect or disturb the previous grant of final approval in 2005 as to all other issues covered by the Oregon State Plan. If an affirmative determination under section 18(e) is made, the Federal standard and enforcement authority will no longer apply to temporary labor camps. 
Agreement Suspending the Antidumping Duty Investigation on Fresh Tomatoes From Mexico: Final Results of the 2020-2021 Administrative Review: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that the respondents selected for individual examination, respectively, International Greenhouse Produce, S.A. de C.V. (IGP) and Negocio Agricola San Enrique, S.A. de C.V. (NASE) (collectively, respondents), were in compliance with the terms of the 2019 Agreement Suspending the Antidumping Duty Investigation on Fresh Tomatoes from Mexico (2019 Agreement) during the period of review (POR) from September 1, 2020, through August 31, 2021, except for certain instances of inadvertent or inconsequential noncompliance. Commerce also determines that the 2019 Agreement met the applicable statutory requirements during the POR. 
Passenger Vehicle Light Truck Tires (PVLT) From China: Final Results of Countervailing Duty Administrative Review; 2020: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that certain exporters/producers of passenger vehicle light truck tires (PVLT tires) from the People's Republic of China (China) received countervailable subsidies during the period of review (POR) January 1, 2020, through December 31, 2020. 
Certain Freight Rail Couplers and Parts Thereof From the People's Republic of China: Preliminary Affirmative Determination of Sales at Less Than Fair Value and Preliminary Affirmative Determination of Critical Circumstances: 
The Department of Commerce (Commerce) preliminarily determines that certain freight rail couplers and parts thereof (freight rail couplers) from the People's Republic of China (China) are being, or are likely to be, sold in the United States at less than fair value (LTFV). The period of investigation (POI) is January 1, 2022, through June 30, 2022. Interested parties are invited to comment on this preliminary determination. 
Stainless Steel Sheet and Strip From Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan; Scheduling of Full Five-Year Reviews: 
The Commission hereby gives notice of the scheduling of full reviews pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act'') to determine whether revocation of the antidumping duty and countervailing duty orders on stainless steel sheet and strip from Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of material injury within a reasonably foreseeable time. The Commission has determined to exercise its authority to extend the review period by up to 90 days. 
Records Schedules; Availability and Request for Comments: 
The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) publishes notice of certain Federal agency requests for records disposition authority (records schedules). We publish notice in the Federal Register and on regulations.gov for records schedules in which agencies propose to dispose of records they no longer need to conduct agency business. We invite public comments on such records schedules. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain Airbus SAS Model A321-251NX, A321-252NX, A321-253NX, A321-271NX and A321-272NX airplanes. This AD was prompted by an emergency exit slide deployment test on an Airbus Cabin Flex (ACF) overwing emergency exit, the emergency exit slide did not deploy due to disconnected slide release cable junction. This AD requires a one-time detailed inspection of the installation of the ACF overwing emergency exit slide release mechanism for discrepancies, and applicable corrective actions, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Rgional Airplanes: 
The FAA proposes to supersede Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2022-25-16, which applies to all ATR--GIE Avions de Transport R[eacute]gional Model ATR42-200, -300, and -320 airplanes. AD 2022-25- 16 requires revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations. Since the FAA issued AD 2022-25-16, the FAA has determined that new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This proposed AD would continue to require certain actions in AD 2022- 25-16 and would require revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is proposed for incorporation by reference (IBR). The FAA is proposing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Tariff of Tolls: 
The Great Lakes St. Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation (GLS) and the St. Lawrence Seaway Management Corporation (SLSMC) of Canada, under international agreement, jointly publish and presently administer the St. Lawrence Seaway Tariff of Tolls in their respective jurisdictions. The Tariff sets forth the level of tolls assessed on all commodities and vessels transiting the facilities operated by the GLS and the SLSMC. The GLS is revising its regulations to reflect the fees and charges levied by the SLSMC in Canada starting in the 2023 navigation season, which are effective only in Canada. 
Updating Presumptive Radiation Locations Based on the PACT Act: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is issuing this final rule to amend its adjudication regulations to add more presumptive exposure locations for radiation, as legislated in the Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson Honoring our Promise to Address Comprehensive Toxics Act of 2022 (the PACT Act). The PACT Act expands and extends eligibility for VA benefits for Veterans with toxic exposures, and Sections 401 and 402 specifically ease the evidentiary burden for Veterans who file claims with VA based on radiation exposure in certain locations. This final rule chronicles those sections of the PACT Act in VA regulations. 
Name of Information Collection: Automated Technology Licensing Application System (ATLAS): 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as part of its continuing effort to reduce paperwork and respondent burden, invites the general public and other Federal agencies to take this opportunity to comment on proposed and/or continuing information collections. 
Name of Information Collection: Software Catalog: 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as part of its continuing effort to reduce paperwork and respondent burden, invites the general public and other Federal agencies to take this opportunity to comment on proposed and/or continuing information collections. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
In accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Act of 1974, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration is providing public notice of a modification to an existing system of records entitled Opportunities and Associated Reviewers (OAAR). The notice updates the System Locations section. The system of records is more fully described in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section of this notice. 
National Council on the Arts 209th Meeting: 
Pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, notice is hereby given that a meeting of the National Council on the Arts will be held open to the public for in-person attendance as well as by videoconference. 
Television Broadcasting Services Kalispell, Montana: 
The Commission has before it a petition for rulemaking filed by Sinclair Media Licensee, LLC (Petitioner), the licensee of KCFW-TV, channel 9, Kalispell, Montana. The Petitioner requests the substitution of channel 17 for channel 9 at Kalispell in the Table of Allotments. 
BetterHelp, Inc.; Analysis of Proposed Consent Order To Aid Public Comment: 
The consent agreement in this matter settles alleged violations of federal law prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices. The attached Analysis of Proposed Consent Order to Aid Public Comment describes both the allegations in the complaint and the terms of the consent order--embodied in the consent agreement--that would settle these allegations. 
Applications for New Awards; Innovative Approaches to Literacy Program: 
The Department of Education (Department) is issuing a notice inviting applications for new awards for fiscal year (FY) 2023 for the Innovative Approaches to Literacy (IAL) program, Assistance Listing Number 84.215G. This notice relates to the approved information collection under OMB control number 1894-0006. 
Applications for New Awards; Magnet Schools Assistance Program: 
The Department of Education (Department) is issuing a notice inviting applications for fiscal year (FY) 2023 for the Magnet Schools Assistance Program (MSAP), Assistance Listing Number 84.165A. This notice relates to the approved information collection under OMB control number 1855-0011. 
Applications for New Awards; Native Hawaiian Education Program: 
The Department of Education (Department) is issuing a notice inviting applications for fiscal year (FY) 2023 for the Native Hawaiian Education (NHE) program, Assistance Listing Number 84.362A. This notice relates to the approved information collection under OMB control number 1894-0006. 
Enhanced Weapons, Firearms Background Checks, and Security Event Notifications: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is amending its regulations to implement its authority under Section 161A of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended. This final rule applies to several classes of facilities as well as activities involving the transportation of radioactive material and other property designated by the NRC. This final rule also revises the physical security event notification requirements for different classes of facilities and the transportation of radioactive material to add consistency and clarity. Further, the NRC is adding new event notification requirements associated with the possession of enhanced weapons and imminent or actual hostile acts, and new reporting requirements for suspicious activity. The NRC also is issuing a final implementation guidance for this final rule. 
American Society of Mechanical Engineers Code Cases and Update Frequency; Correction: 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is correcting a proposed rule that was published in the Federal Register on March 6, 2023, regarding changes to its regulations to incorporate by reference proposed revisions of three regulatory guides, which would approve new, revised, and reaffirmed code cases published by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. This action is necessary to make corrections in the estimated burden for the information collection. 
Desert Southwest Region Ancillary Services-Rate Order No. WAPA-208: 
New formula rates for Energy Imbalance Market (EIM) Administrative Service, Energy Imbalance (EI) Service, and Generator Imbalance (GI) Service for the Western Area Lower Colorado (WALC) Balancing Authority (BA) have been confirmed, approved, and placed into effect on an interim basis. The new formula rates are necessary for the WALC BA's participation in the California Independent System Operator's (CAISO) EIM. 
Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants: Maine; 111(d)/129 Revised State Plan for Large Municipal Waste Combustors and State Plan for Small Municipal Waste Combustors: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is approving the Clean Air Act (CAA) State Plan for Municipal Waste Combustor (MWC) units submitted by the Maine Department of Environmental Protection (Maine DEP). This submission includes revisions to Maine's previously approved State Plan for existing Large MWCs in response to amended emission guidelines (EGs) for Large MWCs. This submission also includes a State Plan for existing Small MWCs. Maine DEP's State Plans for Large and Small MWCs implement and enforce provisions at least as protective as the EGs applicable to these subcategories of solid waste incinerators. This action is being taken in accordance with the CAA. 
Bacteriophage Active Against Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae; Bacteriophage Active Against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. corylina; Bacteriophage Active Against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. juglandis; and Bacteriophage Active Against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. pruni; Exemptions From the Requirement of Tolerances: 
This regulation establishes exemptions from the requirement of a tolerance for residues of Bacteriophage active against Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae, Bacteriophage active against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. corylina, Bacteriophage active against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. juglandis, and Bacteriophage active against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. pruni, in or on all food commodities when used in accordance with label directions and good agricultural practices. OmniLytics, Inc. submitted a petition to EPA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), requesting an exemption from the requirement of a tolerance. This regulation eliminates the need to establish a maximum permissible level for residues of Bacteriophage active against Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae, Bacteriophage active against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. corylina, Bacteriophage active against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. juglandis, and Bacteriophage active against Xanthomonas arboricola pv. pruni under FFDCA when used in accordance with this exemption. 
BLB2 and AMR3 Proteins in Potato; Temporary Exemption From the Requirement of a Tolerance: 
This regulation establishes a temporary exemption from the requirement of a tolerance for residues of the BLB2 and AMR3 proteins in potato, when used as a plant-incorporated protectant (PIP) in accordance with the terms of Experimental Use Permit (EUP) No. 8971- EUP-3. J.R. Simplot Company submitted a petition to EPA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), requesting the temporary tolerance exemption. This regulation eliminates the need under FFDCA to establish a maximum permissible level for residues of BLB2 and AMR3 proteins. The temporary tolerance exemption expires on March 31, 2024. 
Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Second Maintenance Plan for 1997 Ozone NAAQS; Jersey County Portion of St. Louis Missouri-Illinois Area: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is proposing to approve, as a revision to the Illinois State Implementation Plan (SIP), the state's plan for maintaining the 1997 ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS or standard) through 2032 in the St. Louis, MO- IL area. The original St. Louis nonattainment area for the 1997 ozone standard included Jersey, Madison, Monroe, and St. Clair Counties in Illinois and Franklin, Jefferson, St. Charles and St. Louis Counties and St. Louis City in Missouri. The SIP submitted by the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency (IEPA) on August 24, 2022, addresses the second maintenance plan required for Jersey County, Illinois. 
Public Meetings of the Science Advisory Board Biosolids Panel: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Science Advisory Board (SAB) Staff Office is announcing public meetings of the Science Advisory Board Biosolids Panel. The purpose of the meetings is to receive a briefing from EPA, review and discuss charge questions, and peer review the EPA's biosolid risk assessment framework. 
Nez Perce-Clearwater National Forests; Idaho; Clearwater National Forest Travel Planning: 
The United States Department of Agriculture, Forest Service (``Forest Service''), is giving notice of its intent to prepare a supplemental environmental impact statement (SEIS) to the 2012 Clearwater National Forest Travel Planning Final Environmental Impact Statement for the Clearwater National Forest in the Nez Perce- Clearwater National Forests in Idaho. The SEIS will address travel plan compliance with Forest Plan standards for elk habitat and analyze a potential plan amendment for elk habitat effectiveness, apply the minimization criteria for National Forest System trails, and analyze the effects of designating the Fish Lake Trail for motor vehicle use. 
Marine Mammals; File No. 27267: 
Notice is hereby given that the Maryland Zoo in Baltimore, 1876 Mansion House Drive, Baltimore, MD 21217 (Responsible Party: Ellen Bronson, DVM), has applied in due form for a permit to import parts of the Amazon river dolphin (Inia geoffrensis) for scientific research. 
Availability of Final Evaluation Findings of National Estuarine Research Reserves: 
Notice is hereby given of the availability of final evaluation findings for seven national estuarine research reserves, Ashepoo- Combahee-Edisto (ACE) Basin, Chesapeake Bay Virginia, Guana Tolomato Matanzas (GTM), San Francisco Bay, South Slough, Tijuana River, and Weeks Bay, under Section 315 of the Coastal Zone Management Act (CZMA). 
Space Weather Advisory Group Meeting: 
The Space Weather Advisory Group (SWAG) will meet for a half- day on March 20, 2023. 
Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to the Replacement of Pier 3 at Naval Station Norfolk in Norfolk, Virginia: 
NMFS received a request from the United States Department of the Navy for the renewal of their currently active incidental harassment authorization (IHA) to take marine mammals incidental to the replacement of Pier 3 at Naval Station Norfolk in Norfolk, Virginia. These activities are identical to those covered in the current authorization. Pursuant to the Marine Mammal Protection Act, prior to issuing the currently active IHA, NMFS requested comments on both the proposed IHA and the potential for renewing the initial authorization if certain requirements were satisfied. The renewal requirements have been satisfied, and NMFS is now providing an additional 15-day comment period to allow for any additional comments on the proposed renewal not previously provided during the initial 30-day comment period. 
Federal Travel Regulation; Alternative Fuel Vehicle Usage During Relocations: 
Consistent with the Executive Order (E.O.) on Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability, GSA is proposing to amend the Federal Travel Regulation (FTR) to allow agencies greater flexibility for authorizing shipment of a relocating employee's alternative fuel-based privately-owned vehicle. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
This system covers current or former employees who file grievances and includes records related to the grievance process. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
Pursuant to the Privacy Act of 1974, notice is hereby given that the General Services Administration (GSA) proposes to rescind the system GSA/HRO-2--Employee Drug Abuse Alcoholism Files, as the records are now with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), not GSA, as GSA entered an interagency agreement with HHS for support so the records are covered by the HHS SORN, 09-90-0010, Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Records. 
Privacy Act of 1974; Notice of a Modified System of Records: 
GSA proposes to modify a system of records subject to the Privacy Act of 1974. GSA is modifying the notice to update the system name to ``Office of the Chief Financial Officer's (OCFO) Imaging/ Workflow Solution''. It is a subsystem within the Ancillary Corporate Applications (ACA) at GSA. OCFO's Imaging/Workflow Solution allows users in the Payroll Services Branch, Accounts Payable and customer agencies to annotate metadata to scanned images, and search and view documents (i.e., invoices, payroll, property records, deeds, transfers) that have been scanned/stored. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
Pursuant to the Privacy Act of 1974, notice is hereby given that the General Services Administration (GSA) proposes to rescind the GSA/HRO-3 Occupational Health and Injury Files SORN. GSA is rescinding the system of records notice, GSA/HRO-3 Occupational Health and Injury Files. The rescinded system of records described in this notice no longer maintains any Personally Identifiable Information (PII). Additionally, GSA uses the Employees' Compensation Operations & Management Portal (ECOMP) system to report an incident. GSA uses the ECOMP system to track injuries and illnesses. Link to ECOMP system at DOL: https://www.ecomp.dol.gov. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
Pursuant to the Privacy Act of 1974, notice is hereby given that GSA proposes to rescind the GSA/CIO-2 Enterprise Server Services (ESS) SORN. The ESS no longer maintains any Personally Identifiable Information (PII). GSA's replacement for ESS migrated all subsystems to the new Enterprise Infrastructure Operations (EIO) system and those elements were placed as subsystems to the Enterprise Infrastructure Operations (EIO). 
Notice of Filing of Plats of Survey, Colorado: 
The plats of survey of the following described lands are scheduled to be officially filed in the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Colorado State Office, Lakewood, Colorado, 30 calendar days from the date of this publication. The surveys, which were executed at the request of the U.S. Forest Service and the U.S. National Park Service, are necessary for the management of these lands. 
Notice of Funding Availability and Request for Proposals for Calendar Year 2024 Basic Field Grant Awards: 
The Legal Services Corporation (LSC) is a federally established and funded organization that funds civil legal aid organizations across the country and in the U.S. territories. Its mission is to expand access to justice by funding high-quality legal representation for low-income people in civil matters. In anticipation of a congressional appropriation to LSC for Fiscal Year 2024, LSC hereby announces the availability of funding for basic field grants with terms commencing in January 2024. LSC will publish a Request for Proposals (RFP) and seeks applications from interested parties who are qualified to provide effective, efficient, and high-quality civil legal services to eligible clients in the service area(s) of the states and territories identified below. The availability and the exact amount of congressionally appropriated funds, as well as the date, terms, and conditions of funds available for grants for calendar year 2024 have not yet been determined. 
New Postal Products: 
The Commission is noticing a recent Postal Service filing for the Commission's consideration concerning a negotiated service agreement. This notice informs the public of the filing, invites public comment, and takes other administrative steps. 
Privacy Act of 1974; Matching Program: 
In accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act, as amended, this notice announces a new matching program with the United States Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Child Support Enforcement (OCSE). Under this matching program, OCSE will disclose quarterly wage (QW) information to SSA to establish or verify eligibility, continuing entitlement, or payment amounts, or all of the above, of individuals under the title II Disability Insurance (DI) program of the Social Security Act (Act). 
Rescission of the Requirements for Negative Pre-Departure COVID-19 Test Result or Documentation of Recovery From COVID-19 for Aircraft Passengers Traveling to the United States From the People's Republic of China: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the rescission of the Order requiring negative pre-departure COVID-19 test result or documentation of recovery from COVID-19 for aircraft passengers traveling to the United States from the People's Republic of China, including the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau. 
Proposed Information Collection Activity: Child and Family Services Plan, Annual Progress and Services Report, and Annual Budget Expenses Request and Estimated Expenditures (CFS-101) (0970-0426): 
The Administration for Children and Families (ACF) is requesting a three-year extension of the collection of information under the Child and Family Services Plan (CFSP), the Annual Progress and Services Report (APSR), and the Annual Budget Expenses Request and Estimated Expenditures (Child and Family Services (CFS)-101) collection (Office of Management and Budget (OMB) #0970-0426, expiration January 31, 2021). There are minor changes to the CFS-101 form but no changes to the burden hours. 
Proposed Information Collection Activity; United States Repatriation Program Forms (Office of Management and Budget#: 0970-0474): 
The Administration for Children and Families (ACF) is proposing to collect information to support state planning, training, and exercise activities and training and technical assistance for the United States (U.S.) Repatriation Program through six new forms in addition to the currently approved forms. 
Office of the Secretary, Muscular Dystrophy Coordinating Committee Call for Committee Membership Nominations: 
The Office of the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is seeking nominations for three individuals to serve as non-federal public members on the Muscular Dystrophy Coordinating Committee. 
Regulated Navigation Area; Hampton Roads, VA: 
The Coast Guard is proposing to amend the Chesapeake Bay entrance and Hampton Roads, VA and adjacent waters--Regulated Navigation Area. Officially codified in 2003, the need for this review and update of the Regulated Navigation Area has been prompted by changes in the organizational structure, responsibilities, and shipboard requirements over the last 20 years. The Coast Guard is proposing to remove outdated or redundant language and requirements, including those related to port security. This action will provide administrative changes and amend vessel reporting requirements operating within the Regulated Navigation Area during Maritime Security Level 1. We invite your comments on this proposed rulemaking. 
Deepwater Horizon Natural Resource Damage Assessment Open Ocean Trustee Implementation Group Draft Restoration Plan 3 and Environmental Assessment: Birds: 
In accordance with the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (OPA), the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), the Deepwater Horizon (DWH) Oil Spill Final Programmatic Damage Assessment Restoration Plan and Final Programmatic Environmental Impact Statement (Final PDARP/ PEIS), Record of Decision and Consent Decree, the Federal natural resource trustee agencies for the Open Ocean Trustee Implementation Group (Open Ocean TIG) have prepared the Draft Restoration Plan 3 and Environmental Assessment: Birds (Draft RP/EA). The Draft RP/EA proposes projects to help restore bird species injured in the DWH oil spill. The Draft RP/EA evaluates a reasonable range of 11 project alternatives under the Oil Pollution Act's Natural Resource Damage Assessment regulations and NEPA. The total cost to implement the Open Ocean TIG's seven preferred alternatives is approximately $26,000,000. A No Action alternative is also analyzed. The Open Ocean TIG invites comments on the Draft RP/EA. 
UL LLC: Application for Expansion of Recognition and Proposed Modification to the NRTL Program's List of Appropriate Test Standards: 
In this notice, OSHA announces the application of UL LLC, for expansion of the scope of recognition as a Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratory (NRTL) and presents the agency's preliminary finding to grant the application. Additionally, OSHA proposes to add one test standard to the NRTL Program's List of Appropriate Test Standards. 
Scheduling of Annual Leave by Employees Determined Necessary To Respond to Certain National Emergencies: 
The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) is revising the interim regulation regarding the restoration of annual leave for employees who are essential to respond to certain national emergencies, such as the National Emergency Concerning the Novel Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19). This rule extends the latest possible termination date for the exigency established in connection with the COVID-19 national emergency, which would be March 13, 2023, under the current interim regulations. Under this new rule, that date would be the date the national emergency is ended by the President. This rule also provides for special handling of restored annual leave resulting from an agency- specific ongoing exigency that is directly related to a matter that was determined to be a national emergency exigency and that immediately follows that national emergency exigency. Finally, this rule expands an agency's authority to exempt employees from the advance annual leave scheduling requirement in the leave year during which a national emergency exigency is terminated. 
Presidential Declaration of a Major Disaster for Public Assistance Only for the Bear River Band of the Rohnerville Rancheria: 
This is a Notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for Public Assistance Only for the Bear River Band of the Rohnerville Rancheria (FEMA-4692-DR), dated 03/08/2023. Incident: Earthquake. Incident Period: 12/20/2022 through 01/01/2023. 
Presidential Declaration of a Major Disaster for Public Assistance Only for the State of Tennessee: 
This is a Notice of the Presidential declaration of a major disaster for Public Assistance Only for the State of Tennessee (FEMA- 4691-DR), dated 03/08/2023. Incident: Severe Winter Storm. Incident Period: 12/22/2022 through 12/27/2022. 
Sunshine Act Meetings: 
The U.S. Election Assistance Commission published a document in the Federal Register on February 28, 2023 regarding the scheduled Public Meeting focusing on list maintenance. The notice contained an incorrect address. 
Certain Cased Pencils From the People's Republic of China: Continuation of Antidumping Duty Order: 
As a result of the determinations by the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) and the International Trade Commission (ITC) in their five year (sunset) review that revocation of the antidumping duty (AD) order on certain cased pencils (pencils) from the People's Republic of China (China) would likely lead to a continuation or recurrence of dumping and material injury to an industry in the United States, Commerce is publishing a notice of continuation of the AD order on pencils from China. 
Certain Passenger Vehicle and Light Truck Tires From the People's Republic of China: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review and Final Determination of No Shipments; 2020-2021: 
The Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that the exporters of passenger vehicle and light truck tires (passenger tires) from the People's Republic of China (China) listed in the ``Final Results of Review'' section below, sold subject merchandise at less than normal value during the period of review (POR), August 1, 2020, through July 31, 2021. Further, we also determine that certain companies under review had no shipments to the United States during the POR. 
Certain Steel Nails From Malaysia: Amended Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) is amending its final results in the administrative review of the antidumping duty order on certain steel nails (nails) from Malaysia for the period July 1, 2020, through June 30, 2021, to correct certain ministerial errors. 
Certain Tool Chests and Cabinets From the People's Republic of China and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam: Final Results of the Expedited Sunset Reviews of the Antidumping Duty Orders: 
As a result of these expedited sunset reviews, the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) finds that revocation of the antidumping duty (AD) orders on certain tool chests and cabinets (tool chests and cabinets) from the People's Republic of China (China) and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam (Vietnam) would be likely to lead to continuation or recurrence of dumping at the level indicated in the ``Final Results of Sunset Reviews'' section of this notice. 
Circular Welded Carbon Quality Steel Pipe From the United Arab Emirates: Notice of Court Decision Not in Harmony With the Results of Antidumping Administrative Review; Notice of Amended Final Results: 
On March 3, 2023, the U.S. Court of International Trade (CIT) issued its final judgment in Ajmal Steel Tubes & Pipes Industries LLC. v. United States, Consol. Court No. 21-00587, sustaining the Department of Commerce (Commerce)'s remand results pertaining to the administrative review of the antidumping duty (AD) order on circular welded carbon-quality steel pipe from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) covering the period December 1, 2018, through November 30, 2019. Commerce is notifying the public that the CIT's final judgment is not in harmony with Commerce's final results of the administrative review, and that Commerce is amending the final results with respect to the dumping margin assigned to Ajmal Steel Tubes & Pipes Industries LLC (Ajmal). 
Finished Carbon Steel Flanges From India: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that producers and/or exporters subject to this administrative review made sales of subject merchandise at less than normal value (NV) during the period of review (POR) August 1, 2020, through July 31, 2021. 
Initiation of Antidumping and Countervailing Duty Administrative Reviews: 
The Department of Commerce (Commerce) has received requests to conduct administrative reviews of various antidumping duty (AD) and countervailing duty (CVD) orders with January anniversary dates. In accordance with Commerce's regulations, we are initiating those administrative reviews. 
Light-Walled Rectangular Pipe and Tube From Mexico: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that sales of light-walled rectangular pipe and tube (LWRPT) from Mexico were made at less than normal value during the period of review (POR), August 1, 2020, through July 31, 2021. 
Light-Walled Rectangular Pipe and Tube From the People's Republic of China: Final Results of Antidumping Duty Administrative Review; 2020-2021: 
The U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) determines that Hangzhou Ailong Metal Products Co., Ltd. (Ailong) made U.S. sales of light-walled rectangular pipe and tube (LWRPT) from the People's Republic of China (China) at less than normal value during the period of review (POR) August 1, 2020, through July 31, 2021. 
Certain Fitness Devices, Streaming Components Thereof, and Systems Containing Same Notice of the Commission's Final Determination Finding a Violation of Section 337; Issuance of a Limited Exclusion Order and Cease and Desist Orders; Termination of the Investigation: 
Notice is hereby given that the U.S. International Trade Commission has found a violation of section 337 in the above-captioned investigation. The Commission has determined to issue: (1) a limited exclusion order (``LEO'') prohibiting the unlicensed entry of fitness devices, streaming components thereof, and systems containing same infringing certain claims of U.S. Patent Nos. 10,469,554 (``the '554 patent''); 10,469,555 (``the '555 patent''); and 10,757,156 (``the '156 patent'') that are manufactured by or on behalf of, or imported by or on behalf of, respondents ICON Health & Fitness, Inc. of Logan, Utah (``ICON'' or ``iFIT Inc.''); FreeMotion Fitness, Inc. of Logan, Utah (``FreeMotion''); NordicTrack Inc. of Logan, Utah (``NordicTrack,'' and together with ICON and FreeMotion, ``iFit''); and Peloton Interactive, Inc. of New York, New York (``Peloton''), or any of their affiliated companies, parents, subsidiaries, or other related business entities, or their successors or assigns; and (2) cease and desist orders (``CDOs'') directed against iFit and Peloton, or any of their affiliated companies, parents, subsidiaries, or other related business entities, or their successors or assigns. The Commission has also determined to grant a joint motion filed by complainants DISH DBS Corporation of Englewood, Colorado; DISH Technologies, L.L.C., of Englewood, Colorado; and Sling TV L.L.C., of Englewood, Colorado (collectively, ``DISH'') and respondents lululemon athletica inc., of Vancouver, Canada (``lululemon''); and Curiouser Products Inc. d/b/a MIRROR of New York, New York (together with lululemon, ``MIRROR'') that sought to terminate the investigation as to MIRROR on the basis of a settlement agreement. This investigation is terminated. 
Reallocation of Unused Fiscal Year 2023 WTO Tariff-Rate Quota Volume for Raw Cane Sugar: 
The Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR) is providing notice of country-by-country reallocations of the fiscal year (FY) 2023 in-quota quantity of the World Trade Organization (WTO) tariff-rate quota (TRQ) for imported raw cane sugar. 
Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2020-21- 10, which applied to certain Airbus SAS Model A318, A320, and A321 series airplanes; and Model A319-111, -112, -113, -114, -115, -131, - 132, -133, -151N, and -153N airplanes; and AD 2022-07-08, which applied to all Airbus SAS Model A318, A319, A320 and A321 series airplanes. AD 2020-21-10 and AD 2022-07-08 required revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations. This AD was prompted by a determination that new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This AD continues to require the actions in AD 2020-21- 10 and AD 2022-07-08 and requires revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate additional new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. Segelflugzeugbau Gliders: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2022-14- 14, which applied to all Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. Segelflugzeugbau Model ASW-15 gliders. AD 2022-14-14 required repetitively inspecting the wing root ribs for cracks, looseness, and damage and replacing any root rib with a crack, a loose rib or lift pin bushing, or any damage. Since the FAA issued AD 2022-14-14, the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) superseded its mandatory continuing airworthiness information (MCAI) to add all Model ASW-15B gliders to the applicability. This AD is prompted by MCAI originated by an aviation authority of another country to identify and correct an unsafe condition on an aviation product. This AD retains the requirements from AD 2022-14-14 of repetitively inspecting the wing root ribs for cracks, looseness, and damage and replacing any root rib with a crack, a loose rib or lift pin bushing or any damage; and revises the applicability by adding Model ASW-15B gliders and specifying that this AD applies to all Model ASW-15 and ASW-15B gliders equipped with wooden wing root ribs. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2021-03- 11, which applied to all Dassault Aviation Model FALCON 2000 airplanes. AD 2021-03-11 required revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations. This AD was prompted by a determination that new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations are necessary. This AD continues to require the actions in AD 2021-03-11, and also requires revising the existing maintenance or inspection program, as applicable, to incorporate new or more restrictive airworthiness limitations, as specified in a European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) AD, which is incorporated by reference. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airworthiness Directives; De Havilland Aircraft of Canada Limited (Type Certificate Previously Held by Bombardier, Inc.) Airplanes: 
The FAA is adopting a new airworthiness directive (AD) for certain De Havilland Aircraft of Canada Limited Model DHC-8-400 series airplanes. This AD was prompted by reports of flap power unit (FPU) pressure switch failures resulting in flap inoperative events. This AD requires replacing the FPU or replacing the FPU pressure switch and reidentifying the FPU. This AD also prohibits the installation of affected parts. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Airline Ticket Refunds and Consumer Protections: 
This notice announces a virtual public hearing on certain issues related to the U.S. Department of Transportation's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on Airline Ticket Refunds and Consumer Protections. By this notice, the virtual public hearing on this rulemaking, originally scheduled for March 14, 2023, is rescheduled to March 21, 2023. Through this notice, the Department is also reopening the comment period for this rulemaking from March 21 through March 28, 2023. 
Enhancing Transparency of Airline Ancillary Service Fees: 
This Notice announces a virtual public hearing on certain issues related to the U.S. Department of Transportation's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on Enhancing Transparency of Airline Ancillary Service Fees. By this Notice, the virtual public hearing on this rulemaking, originally scheduled for March 16, 2023, is rescheduled to March 30, 2023. Through this notice, the Department also reopens the comment period for the rulemaking and will accept comments through April 6, 2023. 
Open Meeting of the Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance: 
This notice announces that the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance (FACI) will meet in the Cash Room at the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 1500 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, DC, and also via videoconference on Wednesday, March 29, 2023, from 1:30 p.m.-4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The meeting is open to the public. The FACI provides non-binding recommendation and advice to the Federal Insurance Office (FIO) in the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
Notice of Request for Information on the Department of Veterans Affairs Orthotist, Prosthetist, and Prosthetist-Orthotist Standard of Practice: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is requesting information to assist in developing a national standard of practice for VA Orthotists, Prosthetists, and Prosthetist-Orthotists. VA seeks comments on various topics to help inform VA's development of this national standard of practice. 
Notice of Request for Information on the Department of Veterans Affairs Registered Dietitian Nutritionists Standard of Practice: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is requesting information to assist in developing a national standard of practice for VA Registered Dietitian Nutritionists (RDN). VA seeks comments on various topics to help inform VA's development of this national standard of practice. 
Notice of Request for Information on the Department of Veterans Affairs Therapeutic Medical Physicists Standard of Practice: 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is requesting information to assist in developing a national standard of practice for VA Therapeutic Medical Physicists Standard of Practice. VA seeks comments on various topics to help inform VA's development of this national standard of practice. 
Notice of Intent To Grant Joint Ownership With Exclusive License Agreement: 
Pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act and implementing regulations, the Department of the Air Force hereby gives notice of its intent to enter into a joint ownership with exclusive license agreement in the field of infrared electromagnetic radiation detection and/or novel photoconductive infrared detectors made with novel donor-acceptor conjugated polymers, where the polymer is attached/coated and applied to electrical circuits to The University of Southern Mississippi, a nonprofit having a place of business at 118 College Drive, Hattiesburg, MS 39406-0001. 
Notice of Availability of the Proposed Notice of Sale for Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Lease Sale 261: 
The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) announces the availability of the Proposed Notice of Sale (Proposed NOS) for the proposed Gulf of Mexico (GOM) Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Oil and Gas Lease Sale 261 (GOM Lease Sale 261). GOM Lease Sale 261 is required by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. BOEM is publishing this notice pursuant to its regulatory authority. Pursuant to section 19 of the OCS Lands Act the Secretary of the Interior provides Governors of affected States and the executive of any affected local government the opportunity to review and comment on the Proposed NOS. The Proposed NOS describes the proposed size, timing, and location of the sale, including lease stipulations, terms and conditions, minimum bids, royalty rates, and rental rates. 
Lands Chief, National Trails Land Resources Program Office; Delegation of Authority: 
Delegation from the National Park Service's Director to the Lands Chief of the National Trails Land Resources Program Office (National Trails Lands Office), for the execution of the land acquisition program for National Trails administered by the National Park Service. 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: 
The Department of the Interior (DOI) is issuing a public notice of its intent to rescind the National Park Service (NPS) Privacy Act system of records, INTERIOR/NPS-4, Travel Records, from its existing inventory. 
TEGNA Inc., SGCI Holdings III LLC, and CMG Media Operating Company, LLC, Applications for Transfer of Control and Assignment of Certain Subsidiaries: 
This document commences a hearing in connection with a series of applications filed by TEGNA Inc. (TEGNA), SGCI Holdings III LLC (SGCI Holdings), and CMG Media Operating Company, LLC (CMG) seeking Commission consent to the transfer of control and/or assignment of broadcast television station licenses. By this document, the Media Bureau has designated two discrete substantial and material questions of fact for hearing, namely: (1) are the Transactions structured in a way that is likely to trigger a rate increase harmful to consumers, as a result of contractual clauses that take immediate effect after the consummation of the Transactions, and (2) will the Transactions reduce or impair localism, including whether they will result in labor reductions at local stations. 
Applications for New Awards; Impact Aid Discretionary Construction Grant Program: 
The Department of Education (Department) is issuing a notice inviting applications for fiscal year (FY) 2023 for the Impact Aid Discretionary Construction Grant Program, Assistance Listing Number 84.041C. This notice relates to the approved information collection under OMB control number 1810-0657. 
Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Television Sets: 
This final rule amends the test procedure for television sets to incorporate by reference the relevant updated industry standard. The Department of Energy (``DOE'') has determined that incorporating the updated industry standard will result in a test procedure that is more representative of the average energy use of television sets. 
Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Battery Chargers: 
The Energy Policy and Conservation Act, as amended (``EPCA''), prescribes energy conservation standards for various consumer products and certain commercial and industrial equipment, including battery chargers. EPCA also requires the U.S. Department of Energy (``DOE'' or ``Department'') to periodically determine whether more-stringent, standards would be technologically feasible and economically justified, and would result in significant energy savings. In this notice of proposed rulemaking (``NOPR''), DOE proposes amended energy conservation standards for battery chargers, and also announces a public meeting to receive comment on these proposed standards and associated analyses and results. 
Modified Potato Acetolactate Synthase (StmALS) in Potato; Exemption From the Requirement of a Tolerance: 
This regulation establishes an exemption from the requirement of a tolerance for residues of modified potato acetolactate synthase (StmALS) in potato when used in accordance with label directions and good agricultural practices. J.R. Simplot Company submitted a petition to EPA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), requesting an exemption from the requirement of a tolerance. This regulation eliminates the need to establish a maximum permissible level for residues of StmALS under FFDCA when used in accordance with this exemption. 
Release of Draft Policy Assessment for the Reconsideration of the Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards: 
On or about March 1, 2023, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is making available to the public a revised draft document titled, Policy Assessment for the Reconsideration of the Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards, External Review Draft Version 2 (Draft PA). This draft document was prepared as a part of the current reconsideration of the 2020 final decision on the national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) for ozone (O<INF>3</INF>). When final, the PA is intended to ``bridge the gap'' between the scientific and technical information assessed in the 2020 Integrated Science Assessment for Ozone and Related Photochemical Oxidants (2020 ISA), as well as any air quality, exposure and risk analyses available in the reconsideration, and the judgments required of the Administrator. The primary and secondary O<INF>3</INF> NAAQS are set to protect the public health and the public welfare from O<INF>3</INF> and other photochemical oxidants in ambient air. 
White House Environmental Justice Advisory Council; Notice of Charter Renewal: 
Notice is hereby given that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has determined that, in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), the White House Environmental Justice Advisory Council (WHEJAC) is necessary and in the public interest in connection with the performance of duties imposed on the agency by law. Accordingly, WHEJAC will be renewed for an additional two-year period. The purpose of the WHEJAC is to provide independent advice and recommendations to the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ) and to the White House Environmental Justice Interagency Council (IAC) on how to increase the Federal Government's efforts to address current and historic environmental injustice. The WHEJAC will provide advice and recommendations about broad cross-cutting issues related, but not limited, to issues of environmental justice and pollution reduction, energy, climate change mitigation and resiliency, environmental health, and racial inequity. The WHEJAC's efforts will include a broad range of strategic, scientific, technological, regulatory, community engagement, and economic issues related to environmental justice. 
Clean Air Act Operating Permit Program; Petition for Objection to State Operating Permit for Cargill, Inc., Blair Facility: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator signed an Order dated February 16, 2023, granting in part and denying in part a Petition dated August 8, 2022 from Cargill, Inc. The Petition requested that the EPA object to a Clean Air Act (CAA) title V operating permit issued by the Nebraska Department of Environment and Energy (NDEE) to Cargill, Incorporated--Blair Facility for its corn wet milling facility located in Blair, Washington County, Nebraska. 
Clean Air Act Operating Permit Program; Petition for Objection to State Operating Permit for Georgia-Pacific Consumer Operations LLC, Crossett Paper Operations, Ashley County, Arkansas: 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator signed an Order dated February 22, 2023, granting in part and denying in part two Petitions dated February 19, 2018 and October 30, 2019 (collectively the Petitions) from Crossett Concerned Citizens for Environmental Justice (the Petitioners). The Petitions requested that the EPA Administrator object to a Clean Air Act (CAA) title V operating permit issued by the Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) to Georgia-Pacific Consumer Operations LLC (Georgia-Pacific) for its Crossett Paper Operations located in Ashley County, Arkansas. 
Proposed CERCLA Settlement Agreement for the Newton County Mine Tailings Superfund Site, Newton County, Missouri: 
In accordance with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (``CERCLA''), notice is hereby given by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (``EPA''), Region 7, of a proposed settlement agreement (``Agreement'') with Environmental Quality Management, Inc. (``EQM'') for the Newton County Mine Tailings Superfund Site (``Site''), Newton County, Missouri. 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Bog Buck Moth: 
We, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service), determine endangered status under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (Act), as amended, for the bog buck moth (Hemileuca maia menyanthevora) (=H. iroquois), a moth that occurs in Oswego County, New York, and Ontario, Canada. This rule adds the bog buck moth to the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and applies the protections of the Act to this species. We have determined that designation of critical habitat for the bog buck moth is not prudent at this time. 
Newspapers Used for Publication of Legal Notices by the Pacific Northwest Region; Oregon, Washington, and Parts of California: 
This notice lists the newspapers that will be used by the Ranger Districts, Forests and Regional Office of the Pacific Northwest Region to publish legal notices required under Agency regulations. The intended effect of this action is to inform interested members of the public which newspapers the Forest Service will use to publish notices of proposed actions and notices of decision. This will provide the public with constructive notice of Forest Service proposals and decisions, provide information on the procedures to comment, object, or appeal, and establish the date that the Forest Service will use to determine if comments, appeals, or objection were timely. 
Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Approval of 2023 and 2024 Sector Operations Plans and Allocation of 2023 Northeast Multispecies Annual Catch Entitlements: 
We propose to approve sector operations plans and contracts, grant regulatory exemptions for fishing years 2023 and 2024, and propose Northeast multispecies allocations of annual catch entitlements to approved groundfish sectors for fishing year 2023. Approval of sector operations plans and contracts is necessary for sectors to operate and receive allocations of annual catch entitlements. This action is intended to allow limited access permit holders to continue to operate or form sectors, as authorized under the Northeast Multispecies Fishery Management Plan, and to exempt sectors from certain effort control regulations to improve the efficiency and economics of sector vessels. 
Marine Mammals; File No. 27066: 
Notice is hereby given that the NMFS Northeast Fisheries Science Center, 166 Water Street, Woods Hole, Massachusetts 02543 (Responsible Party: Jon Hare), has applied in due form for a permit to conduct research on marine mammals. 
Notice of Request for Information; U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP): 
The United States Global Change Research Program (USGCRP) requests input from the public to guide an update of the 2009 ``Climate Literacy: Essential Principles of Climate Science''. This request for information (RFI) will inform USGCRP as it updates the Guide to include current climate and social science, and a focus on justice and capacity to implement solutions. 
Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to U.S. Navy Construction at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Kittery, Maine: 
NMFS received a request from the U.S. Navy (Navy) for the renewal of their currently active incidental harassment authorization (IHA) to take marine mammals incidental to construction activities associated with the multifunctional expansion of Dry Dock 1 project at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, Maine. These activities are identical to those covered by the current authorization, and consist of a subset of activities that will not be completed prior to its expiration. Pursuant to the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA), prior to issuing the currently active IHA, NMFS requested comments on both the proposed IHA and the potential for renewing the initial authorization if certain requirements were satisfied. The renewal requirements have been satisfied, and NMFS is now providing an additional 15-day comment period to allow for any additional comments on the proposed renewal not previously provided during the initial 30- day comment period. 
Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Pile Driving Training Exercises at Naval Base Ventura County, Port Hueneme: 
NMFS has received a request from the United States Navy (Navy) for authorization to take marine mammals incidental to pile driving training exercises at Naval Base Ventura County, Port Hueneme (NBVC). Pursuant to the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA), NMFS is requesting comments on its proposal to issue an incidental harassment authorization (IHA) to incidentally take marine mammals during the specified activities. NMFS is also requesting comments on a possible one-time, 1 year renewal that could be issued under certain circumstances and if all requirements are met, as described in Request for Public Comments at the end of this notice. NMFS will consider public comments prior to making any final decision on the issuance of the requested MMPA authorization and agency responses will be summarized in the final notice of our decision. The Navy's activities are considered (a) military readiness activities pursuant to the MMPA, as amended by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (2004 NDAA). 
Projects Approved for Consumptive Uses of Water: 
This notice lists Approvals by Rule for projects by the Susquehanna River Basin Commission during the period set forth in DATES. 
General Services Administration Acquisition Regulation; Standardizing Federal Supply Schedule Clause and Provision Prescriptions: 
The General Services Administration is proposing to amend the General Services Administration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR) to clarify when GSAR clauses apply to Federal Supply Schedule contracts. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the Alaska Resource Advisory Council: 
In accordance with the Federal Land Policy and Management Act and the Federal Advisory Committee Act, the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management's (BLM) Alaska Resource Advisory Council (RAC) will meet as follows. 
Notice of Award of Single-Source Cooperative Agreements To Fund Amhara Regional Health Bureau (ARHB), Ethiopia; Uganda Virus Research Institute (UVRI), Uganda; Hanoi Medical University (HMU), Vietnam; The Cambodian National Institute for Public Health (NIPH), Cambodia; and United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS)/The Stop TB Partnership (Stop TB), Headquarters (HQ): 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the award of approximately $20,000,000 for Year 1 funding to ARHB, Ethiopia; approximately $15,000,000 for Year 1 to UVRI, Uganda; approximately $2,000,000 for Year 1 funding to HMU, Vietnam; approximately $800,000 for Year 1 funding to NIPH, Cambodia; and approximately $750,000 for Year 1 funding to UNOPS/Stop TB, HQ. These awards will support implementing a comprehensive combination of HIV prevention, monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment systems; emergency preparedness and response; and reduce infectious disease burden in Ethiopia, Uganda, Vietnam, Cambodia and HQ. Funding amounts for years 2-5 will be set at continuation. 
Notice of Award of Single-Source Cooperative Agreements To Fund Fundao para o Desenvolvimento Cientfico e Tecnolgico em Sade (FIOTEC), Brazil; The Lighthouse Trust, Malawi; and Ghana AIDS Commission (GAC), West Africa Region (Ghana): 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the awards of approximately $6,000,000 for Year 1 funding to FIOTEC, Brazil; approximately $13,000,000 for Year 1 to the Lighthouse Trust, Malawi; and approximately $300,000 for Year 1 funding to GAC, Ghana. These awards will support implementation of a comprehensive combination of HIV prevention, monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment systems; emergency preparedness and response; and a reduction of infectious disease burden in Brazil, Malawi, and Ghana. Funding amounts for years 2-5 will be set at continuation. 
Notice of Award of a Single-Source Cooperative Agreement To Fund the Haitian Ministry of Health and Population: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), in the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the award of approximately $15,000,000, for Year 1 funding to the Haitian Ministry of Health and Population (MSPP). The award will strengthen the public health system in Haiti by building the capacity of MSPP and partners to sustain governance of public health programs and, laboratory quality systems, monitor and evaluate programs, conduct surveillance for priority diseases and conditions (including, but not limited to, HIV, TB, cholera, VPDs, malaria, AFP, LF, rabies, COVID), and provide high quality health services. Funding amounts for years 2-5 will be set at continuation. 
Notice of Award of a Single-Source Cooperative Agreement To Fund the Ministry of Health Zanzibar: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), located within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the award of approximately $5,000,000, for Year 1 funding to the Ministry of Health Zanzibar (MOHZ). The award will provide rapid and flexible support to Zanzibar to accelerate evidence- based, person-centered HIV prevention and treatment program implementation at both facility and community levels, align HSS strengthening activities towards epidemic control, and ensure a comprehensive, coordinated, and strategic approach to the HIV response by organizing policies and interventions supported by reliable epidemiologic and program data. Funding amounts for years 2-5 will be set at continuation. 
Notice of Award of a Single-Source Cooperative Agreement To Fund National Center for HIV/AIDS, Dermatology, and STDs: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), in the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the award of approximately $1,500,000 for Year 1 funding to the National Center for HIV/AIDS, Dermatology, and STDS (NCHADS). This award will support implementing a comprehensive combination of HIV prevention, monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment systems; emergency preparedness and response; and reduce the infectious disease burden in Cambodia. Funding amounts for years 2-5 will be set at continuation. 
Notice of Award of a Single-Source Cooperative Agreement To Fund the National Institute of Health (INS) in Mozambique: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), located within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the award of approximately $4,000,000, for Year 1 funding to the INS. The award will strengthen and support the INS in Mozambique to improve INS's operational capacity in laboratory systems and testing, disease surveillance, M&E, and human resources. Funding amounts for years 2-5 will be set at continuation. 
Notice of Award of a Single-Source Cooperative Agreement To Fund the Tanzanian Ministry of Health: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), located within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), announces the award of approximately $5,000,000, for Year 1 funding to the Tanzania Ministry of Health (MOH). The award will strengthen capacity and maximize the efficiency in achieving HIV epidemic control and sustaining the MOH response to the HIV epidemic in the United Republic of Tanzania. Funding amounts for years 2-5 will be set at continuation. 
Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices; Amended Notice of Meeting: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announces an amendment to the following meeting of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP). This meeting was open to the public. 
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Advisory Committee: 
In accordance with regulatory provisions, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announces the following meeting for the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Advisory Committee (CLIAC). This meeting is open to the public, limited only by the number of webcast lines available. Time will be available for public comment. 
Solicitation of Nominations for Appointment to the Board of Scientific Counselors, Deputy Director for Infectious Diseases: 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), is seeking nominations for membership on the Board of Scientific Counselors, Deputy Director for Infectious Diseases (BSC, DDID). The BSC, DDID consists of 17 experts from authorities knowledgeable in the fields relevant to the issues addressed by CDC's infectious disease national centers (e.g., respiratory diseases, healthcare-associated infections, antimicrobial resistance, foodborne diseases, zoonotic and vector-borne diseases, sexually transmitted diseases, preparedness) and related specialties, including clinical and public health practice (including state and local health departments), laboratory practice, research, diagnostics, microbiology, immunology, molecular biology, bioinformatics, infectious disease modeling and outbreak analytics, health policy/communications, and industry. 
Medicare and Medicaid Programs, CY 2023 Payment Policies Under the Physician Fee Schedule and Other Changes to Part B Payment and Coverage Policies; Medicare Shared Savings Program Requirements; Implementing Requirements for Manufacturers of Certain Single-Dose Container or Single-Use Package Drugs To Provide Refunds With Respect to Discarded Amounts; and COVID-19 Interim Final Rules; Corrections: 
In the November 18, 2022 issue of the Federal Register, we published a final rule entitled ``Medicare and Medicaid Programs; CY 2023 Payment Policies Under the Physician Fee Schedule and Other Changes to Part B Payment and Coverage Policies; Medicare Shared Savings Program Requirements; Implementing Requirements for Manufacturers of Certain Single-dose Container or Single-use Package Drugs To Provide Refunds With Respect to Discarded Amounts; and COVID- 19 Interim Final Rules'' (referred to hereafter as the ``CY 2023 PFS final rule''). The effective date was January 1, 2023. This document corrects a limited number of technical and typographical errors identified in the November 18, 2022 final rule. 
National Biodefense Science Board Public Meeting: 
The National Biodefense Science Board (NBSB or the Board), authorized under the Public Health Service (PHS) Act, as added by the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act of 2006 and amended by the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act, will hold a virtual, public meeting on May 4, 2023, at 2:00 p.m. ET. The NBSB, managed and operated by the ASPR, provides expert advice and guidance to the Secretary of HHS regarding current and future chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats, and other disaster preparedness and response matters. A detailed agenda and Zoom registration instructions will be available on the ASPR/NBSB public meeting web page at least 10 days in advance of the meeting. 
Advisory Board of Exceptional Children; Meeting.: 
The Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) is announcing that the Advisory Board for Exceptional Children will hold a two-day in-person and online meeting. The purpose of the meeting is to meet the mandates of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 2004 (IDEA) for Indian children with disabilities. 
Meeting of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's Tribal Technical Advisory Committee (TTAC): 
Notice is hereby given for the meeting on April 25, 2023, of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's Tribal Technical Advisory Committee (TTAC). The meeting is open to the public and will be held in person (hybrid). Agenda with call-in information will be posted on the SAMHSA website prior to the meeting at: https:// www.samhsa.gov/about-us/advisory-councils/meetings. The meeting will include, but not be limited to, remarks from the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use; updates on SAMHSA priorities; follow up on topics related to the previous TTAC meetings; and council discussions. 
Safety Zone; South Fork Wind Farm Project Area, Outer Continental Shelf, Lease OCS-A 0517, Offshore Rhode Island, Atlantic Ocean; Corrections: 
On March 6, 2023, the Coast Guard published a notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM) to establish 13 temporary 500-meter safety zones in the South Fork Wind Farm project area. That proposed rule contained four labeling plot location errors and one error of the coordinates describing a labeling plot location. This document corrects those errors in the NPRM. 
Changes in Flood Hazard Determinations: 
This notice lists communities where the addition or modification of Base Flood Elevations (BFEs), base flood depths, Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) boundaries or zone designations, or the regulatory floodway (hereinafter referred to as flood hazard determinations), as shown on the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), and where applicable, in the supporting Flood Insurance Study (FIS) reports, prepared by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for each community, is appropriate because of new scientific or technical data. The FIRM, and where applicable, portions of the FIS report, have been revised to reflect these flood hazard determinations through issuance of a Letter of Map Revision (LOMR), in accordance with Federal Regulations. The currently effective community number is shown be finalized the table below and must be used for all new policies and renewals. 
Notice of Public Meetings of the Pennsylvania Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act that the Pennsylvania Advisory Committee (Committee) to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights will hold a Zoom meeting on Wednesday March 22, 2023 from 12:00 p.m.-1:00 p.m. Eastern time. The purpose of the meeting is for the Committee to discuss the current draft of its upcoming report on fair housing. 
Notice of Public Meeting of the U.S. Virgin Islands Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act, that the U.S. Virgin Islands Advisory Committee (Committee) to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights will hold a business meeting via web conference. The purpose of the meeting is to discuss and plan on matters related to the Committee's inaugural civil rights project. 
CSA Group Testing & Certification Inc.: Grant of Expansion of Recognition and Modification to the NRTL Program's List of Appropriate Test Standards: 
In this notice, OSHA announces the final decision to expand the scope of recognition for CSA Group Testing & Certification Inc., as a Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratory (NRTL). Additionally, OSHA announces the final decision to add one test standard to the NRTL Program's List of Appropriate test standards. 
Intertek Testing Services NA, Inc.: Application for Expansion of Recognition: 
In this notice, OSHA announces the application of Intertek Testing Services NA, Inc., for expansion of the recognition as a Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratory (NRTL) and presents the agency's preliminary finding to grant the application. 
Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing Benefits: 
This final rule amends the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation's regulation on Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans to prescribe interest assumptions under the asset allocation regulation for plans with valuation dates in the second quarter of 2023. These interest assumptions are used for valuing benefits under terminating single-employer plans and for other purposes. 
Carbon and Certain Alloy Steel Wire Rod From Belarus, Italy, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Republic of South Africa, Spain, the Republic of Turkey, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Kingdom: Final Results of Expedited First Sunset Reviews of Antidumping Duty Orders: 
As a result of these expedited sunset reviews, the U.S. Department of Commerce (Commerce) finds that revocation of the antidumping duty (AD) orders on carbon and certain alloy steel wire rod (steel wire rod) from Belarus, Italy, the Republic of Korea (Korea), the Russian Federation (Russia), the Republic of South Africa (South Africa), Spain, the Republic of Turkey (Turkey), Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and the United Kingdom would be likely to lead to the continuation or recurrence of dumping at the dumping margins identified in the ``Final Results of Reviews'' section of this notice. 
Certain Freight Rail Couplers and Parts Thereof From China and Mexico; Scheduling of the Final Phase of Countervailing Duty and Anti-Dumping Duty Investigations: 
The Commission hereby gives notice of the scheduling of the final phase of antidumping and countervailing duty investigation Nos. 701-TA-682 and 731-TA-1592-1593 (Final) pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930 (``the Act'') to determine whether an industry in the United States is materially injured or threatened with material injury, or the establishment of an industry in the United States is materially retarded, by reason of imports of certain freight rail couplers and parts thereof from China and Mexico, provided for in subheadings 8607.30.10 and 7326.90.86 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, for which imports of certain freight rail couplers and parts thereof from China have been preliminarily determined by the Department of Commerce (``Commerce'') to be subsidized and sold at less-than-fair-value. Subject merchandise attached to finished rail cars may also be imported under HTSUS heading 8606, or under subheadings 9803.00 and 7325.99, if imported as an Instrument of International Traffic. 
Notice of Receipt of Complaint; Solicitation of Comments Relating to the Public Interest: 
Notice is hereby given that the U.S. International Trade Commission has received a complaint entitled Certain Electronic Anti- Theft Shopping Cart Wheels, Components Thereof, and Systems Containing the Same DN 3671; the Commission is soliciting comments on any public interest issues raised by the complaint or complainant's filing pursuant to the Commission's Rules of Practice and Procedure. 
Certain Compact Wallets and Components Thereof; Institution of Investigation: 
Notice is hereby given that a complaint was filed with the U.S. International Trade Commission on February 6, 2023, under section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, on behalf of The Ridge Wallet LLC of Santa Monica, California. The complaint was supplemented on February 21, 2023. The complaint, as supplemented, alleges violations of section 337 based upon the importation into the United States, the sale for importation, and the sale within the United States after importation of certain compact wallets and components thereof by reason of the infringement of certain claims of U.S. Patent No. 10,791,808 (``the '808 patent''). The complaint further alleges that an industry in the United States exists as required by the applicable Federal Statute. The complaint also alleges violations of section 337 based upon the importation into the United States, or in the sale of certain compact wallets and components thereof by reason of trade dress infringement, the threat or effect of which is to destroy or substantially injure an industry in the United States. The complainant requests that the Commission institute an investigation and, after the investigation, issue a general exclusion order, or in the alternative a limited exclusion, and cease and desist orders. 
Airworthiness Directives; Continental Aerospace Technologies, Inc., Reciprocating Engines: 
The FAA is superseding Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2023-04-08 which applied to certain Continental Aerospace Technologies, Inc. (Continental) GTSIO-520-C, -D, -H, -K, -L, -M, -N, and -S; IO-360-A, - AB, -AF, -C, -CB, -D, -DB, -E, -ES, -G, -GB, -H, -HB, -J, -JB, -K, and -KB; IO-470-D, -E, -G, -H, -J, -K, -L, -M, -N, -P, -R, -S, -T, -U, -V, and -VO; IO-520-A, -B, -BA, -BB, -C, -CB, -D, -E, -F, -J, -K, -L, -M, and -MB; IO-550-A, -B, -C, -D, -E, -F, -G, -L, -N, -P, and -R; LTSIO- 360-E, -EB, -KB, and -RB; LTSIO-520-AE; O-470-A, -B, -E, -G, -H, -J, - K, -L, -M, -N, -R, -S, -T, and -U; TSIO-360-A, -AB, -B, -BB, -C, -CB, - D, -DB, -E, -EB, -G, -GB, -H, -HB, -JB, -KB, -LB, -MB, -RB, and -SB; TSIO-520-A, -AE, -AF, -B, -BB, -BE, -C, -CE, -D, -DB, -E, -EB, -G, -H, -J, -JB, -K, -KB, -L, -LB, -M, -NB, -P, -R, -T, -UB, -VB, and -WB; TSIO-550-A, -B, -C, -E, -G, -K, and -N; TSIOF-550-K; and TSIOL-550-A, - B, and -C model reciprocating engines. AD 2023-04-08 required inspection of the crankshaft assembly for proper installation of the counterweight retaining rings in the counterweight groove and, depending on the results of the inspection, corrective actions if improper installation was found. This AD continues to require inspection of the crankshaft assembly for proper installation of the counterweight retaining rings in the counterweight groove, and corrective actions if improper installation is found. Since the FAA issued AD 2023-04-08, operators notified the FAA, and Continental confirmed, that certain affected model reciprocating engines not included in the applicability of AD 2023-04-08 are also affected by the unsafe condition. Additionally, the FAA determined the special flight permit paragraph required revision. This AD was prompted by a report of a quality escape involving improper installation of counterweight retaining rings in the engine crankshaft counterweight groove during manufacture. The FAA is issuing this AD to address the unsafe condition on these products. 
Aviation Maintenance Technician Schools: 
This action reopens the comment period for the regulatory evaluation associated with the FAA's interim final rule, Aviation Maintenance Technician Schools, which was published in the Federal Register on May 24, 2022. The regulatory evaluation associated with this rule was not posted to the docket prior to the close of the comment period. Therefore, the FAA is reopening the comment period to allow the public the opportunity to adequately analyze the full regulatory evaluation of the interim final rule. The FAA will accept comments on the regulatory evaluation only and not on the regulatory changes in the interim final rule. 
National Shipper Advisory Committee March 2023 Meeting: 
Notice is hereby given of a meeting of the National Shipper Advisory Commission (NSAC) pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
Proposed Asset Disposition Guidance and Request for Comments: 
The Federal Transit Administration (FTA) has placed in the docket, and on its website, proposed guidance intended to provide clarity on an asset disposition option under the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for fiscal year 2022. Under the new provision, FTA may authorize the transfer of an asset acquired with Federal assistance, but no longer needed for the originally authorized purpose, to a local governmental authority, non- profit organization, or other third-party entity if certain statutory criteria are met. 
Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance Traumatic Injury Protection Program: 
This final rule adopts, with changes, a proposed rule amending the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance Traumatic Injury Protection (TSGLI) program regulations. This final rule allows nurse practitioners to sign a hospital or facility- approved pass for a member to leave a hospital or treating facility as part of the member's treatment plan. This final rule also responds to comments received during a reopened 60-day comment period on the response to a petition for rulemaking and withdraws a proposed revision to the TSGLI schedule of losses for traumatic injuries from burns. 
